Unknown Speaker  0:00  
Yes, always. Yeah, that starts.

Unknown Speaker  0:04  
Okay.

Unknown Speaker  0:08  
All right. Yeah, welcome to the ADC. And we will spend the whole day today to discuss about like 20 or 20 of our ace. So but but before we will get into each of them to review, let's look at today's agenda.

Unknown Speaker  0:29  
Oh,

Unknown Speaker  0:32  
yeah. So we always before the reveal, we will have some topics, the key of it because they will want to emphasize why is the calibration results and the other way is the CDA survey. The CDs have a particularly the CD series survey is a newly launched initiative since our six last year. So we will share the results and then some of the key message. Then we'll talk about SA and then associates. And the last bit is the endorsement, which is flex leave and flex month's endorsement, we'll discuss a few people.

Unknown Speaker  1:09  
Let's go into the management topic.

Unknown Speaker  1:15  
Yeah, again, no doubt as usual, this is a all the discussion today will be super confidential, highly confidential, and then the process and then the content to discuss today. Please keep it to this ABC committee. And I will not disclose until you are informed or is

Unknown Speaker  1:35  
like endorsed the battle. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  1:44  
So, shall we shall we invite tax nanny to give us some overarching guidance on today's toll? And also the criteria?

Unknown Speaker  1:57  
Okay, sure. Yeah, let me let me start. First. Thank you, everyone, for doing this for the whole day. Today. It is very, very early morning meeting as well.

Unknown Speaker  2:08  
So I'm sure all of you would have in mind already. And all this direction. Right across? Maybe just a couple of points from me. One is right. We obviously right, as usual. Right wants to maintain a very high standard this year. It should always be the algo. Right to maintain very, very high standard, right in the city meetings. But of course, right? Say for example, two, three years ago, right? When when we are really, really tight on resources, sometimes we give a little bit of a slack. Right. But right for this year, right, we want to continue right again, to emphasize this maintaining high standard.

Unknown Speaker  2:47  
This is not just because of frankly, right? People will also ask whether we have any target, right, so to speak, right? How many we we need to do reflects CT, whatever this time, and to be very, very frank, right? There's no top down target at all. Yeah, I even I write as twins, right lady and I asked her right, whether there's any target? And she said no. Right? This is very clear, right. But on the other hand, right, we always have some preceding meetings with a different CD chairs, before each of the CD meetings, right? And say, for example, for ADC, right. We had this with Cynthia, and we looked at many of the candidates, there are many of the associates. And if we look at the bottom up, there is indeed quite some people. Right? That seems to be very clear, either CT or

Unknown Speaker  3:41  
reflect candidates, right. And in some, sometimes we tend to be good people, right? And try to be a bit soft, right in both our decision and in our communications. And we just want to make sure that especially as CDA advisors, right, your role is more neutral. Advisor. Right to the to the to the associates, right? It's not about really protecting them overly, right. So yeah, just to maintain high standard so that we give the enough case experience to those who really are strong and more deserving. Right.

Unknown Speaker  4:21  
So that's overall, right. The one thing, right, we want to really maintain high standard and, yeah, and especially given stuff their business, right so that our people, right, our stronger people, right can get more opportunities to to really get case work, rather than

Unknown Speaker  4:39  
we're giving the case work to some weaker people, right to really protect them. Right. So that's number one. Number two, is that I want to emphasize again, right for all of the CD meetings, is not about looking at just the numbers, right? Very often we hear right? Sometimes

Unknown Speaker  5:00  
A CDI biases just oversimplify the discussion, right from the various CD meetings and said, Okay, you are on red flag because of low visibility, right. Low believability or whatever or the or say for example, downward feedback. Yeah, you get calibrated downwards, right. Sometimes it's overcompensate as simplifying the messages. Low believability very often is because of people not wanting to stop them. Right. Or they not they want they're not wanting to get on projects. There's always some reasons. Yeah, I think we need to be direct with them. Right? Not really just bringing the numbers, right. In CB meetings, we always have very holistic, right, quantitative and qualitative discussion. Right? So it's a holistic discussion, right? Of all the attributes, right? Why you are not able to get on projects, right? How do you write us advisor, right, help them to think about, right, how you really reach out to some Oh, ppls. Right. How you be more proactive in BD. Right. In this holistic discussion is not just about casework. There's also another point.

Unknown Speaker  6:12  
I'm sure many of you right obps. Here, I have heard complaints or feedback from time to time that some of our team members, yeah, some A's and C's, right. They are they work very, very hard on casework, because they thought this is what matters. And PT doesn't matter. Right? But actually, right for PD, you all I think for peds above a certain number of hours, right? A reveal will also be triggered. Or on the other hand, if you want really want to give feedback to someone, right during PD, you can do so as well. Right? So we want to have this holistic discussion, people who have poor attitude during PT, we want to highlight that right during CD discussions as well. It's not just about casework. Right. And for example, we also have seen some people right, having some

Unknown Speaker  7:09  
attitude issues, right attitude issues, right, not just in work, but also outside of BCG, for example, representing BCG, right today, actually, you will hear I think, to two associates who have pretty much

Unknown Speaker  7:26  
pizza off, right, the whole Marriott hotel chain, right? And either the whole case team got kicked out of the hotel, or either he or she him.

Unknown Speaker  7:36  
himself, right was kind of banned from the Marriott chain. Right? I mean, some of those behavior, right? It's not personal behavior. Right. You are part of ECG when you do this. Right. So some of that, right. Is it it's, it's part of a holistic discussion as well. Yeah, just want to make sure this is not about numbers. This is not just about looking at availability. Right. It's very holistic, rich discussion about each of the individuals. Um, I think that's pretty much it. From me that points, maybe, let's see.

Unknown Speaker  8:08  
Yeah, Cynthia has anything to add

Unknown Speaker  8:14  
that if you have any input stuff, well said, Well summarize. So I don't have other official

Unknown Speaker  8:25  
words on this. Let's work together to

Unknown Speaker  8:31  
as an a CDA, work together to make sure that all this like reveals that coloration sites such as objects, and also called both qualitative and quantitative considered, and then to reach to align the view.

Unknown Speaker  8:49  
But maybe just one more reminder, attendance.

Unknown Speaker  8:54  
I think we have mentioned it several times, right.

Unknown Speaker  8:58  
Overall, speaking, the CEC attendance is much better than ABC, we see a lot of

Unknown Speaker  9:05  
actions for people to join in person. For the ABC perspective, however, it is very important for every one of us to make the mission for this meeting. So let's try our best to attend in person. And also I need to say I would say a while

Unknown Speaker  9:24  
making the discussion more engaged. So yesterday, I think we had a very, very rich discussion on

Unknown Speaker  9:34  
hope that we can do the

Unknown Speaker  9:36  
ABC as well.

Unknown Speaker  9:38  
I think maybe he can share with you our mutual survey results later. Obviously, the feedback on our ABC and also the advisors. I think we need some period improvement on that. We already see that, you know, we have some development gaps where it's easy to it's up

Unknown Speaker  10:00  
it important for us to make effort to help develop our our associates.

Unknown Speaker  10:10  
All right, let me move to next. So for this year's calibers calibration results for the first half.

Unknown Speaker  10:20  
First of all, thanks to every MDP and pBPs effort. So we have reached with an average of 2.19 for our agencies, which is closer to our target more than ever, however, we still have 15 MDPs listed over there, highlight in pink, Renee inflator scores. So as mentioned, starting from this year, we will be very strict on calibration. And for all the scores that are not not well calibrated from yesterday's practices, etc, we actually our treatment is actually automatically done one for the promotion discussion for these scores, and etc. So, all these potential inflated scores are will be highlighted in pink in background for on the following pages. So let's all keep this in mind and later discussion and together to enforce the collaboration further, and hopefully we can get every MB MDP.

Unknown Speaker  11:21  
Meeting the target during year end. So please do check on the names of those still with scores in pink and try to remind them and also remind ourselves that these scores might be inflated.

Unknown Speaker  11:40  
All right, moving to the CDA survey,

Unknown Speaker  11:44  
as mentioned.

Unknown Speaker  11:48  
And many of you may have noticed this year, most of the city initiatives mainly focus on improving the city process. So from the AC perspective, it is very, very important that our city CPAs as a channel or the the the only channel for our agencies to get get understanding of their city decisions is very important to improve the transparency to them. So therefore since last cycle, we launched our quarterly survey, we're hoping to improve the communication but also helping us to better understand a census needs for the CDA role. The survey itself is very simple and very straightforward cover a few aspects on the engagement frequency, timespan and also the quality of the communication.

Unknown Speaker  12:45  
The city team will collect every quarter and provide real time feedback on some common concerns to the comic community and also will provide specifics about development areas and suggestion to individual cities. So, we help everyone can actively and didactically listen to these feedbacks and react to this. So for the results, as you can see over here,

Unknown Speaker  13:11  
first of all our response rate is around 55%

Unknown Speaker  13:16  
overall feedback is definitely sub premium than expected and especially not as good as CDC. So, the pre call for pre call and pulse call we do have some associated indicate that they are missing necessary communication. Just want to highlight here that this is the minimum request for all this to da to communicate with your CDA your advisees So, please do contact all your free calls and for what call if you are not conducting due to advising is not being discussed in a meeting please let them know clearly or have that you are not being discussed because we do have

Unknown Speaker  13:58  
working on I think I mentioned that I didn't receive the POST call but I'm not sure if I'm discussed so I'm not sure if that's right or wrong.

Unknown Speaker  14:09  
So to to clarify again because I got quite a lot of these questions from the CD as

Unknown Speaker  14:17  
for the q2 and q4 all the all your advices would be discussed and for q1 q3 you can find that to be the discussed list. We are the list on the Kpop emails and 13. So if you have any questions on that, not clear on that please reach out to us for help.

Unknown Speaker  14:36  
Secondly, for the time spent notice that we have quite a few

Unknown Speaker  14:42  
CTAs standings, very few time talking to your your advisors, especially in postcard less than five minutes or last through a call or face to face I'm guessing email or Wechat

Unknown Speaker  14:58  
This is what

Unknown Speaker  15:00  
Between 25%. And this is very hard to believe how we could deliver a clear message. And next step to our advisors if only talk in less than five minutes. So for all the CTAs, please do spend more time to get to know more advises, and also clarify next steps. And for communication quality.

Unknown Speaker  15:24  
What we receive a lot on here is that

Unknown Speaker  15:28  
the associates will

Unknown Speaker  15:32  
not be well known by the

Unknown Speaker  15:37  
the advice II,

Unknown Speaker  15:40  
I think I do do receive a lot of

Unknown Speaker  15:45  
complaints from our associates saying I have to reintroduce myself every single time when I talk to my CPA, and they don't really remember my name, they don't remember my location and not even my PA or things like that is to take notes and get to know your advisor, because you should be the one that know them the most. And also, we do receive complaints from a associates were simply not consultants, associates, specifically that I think my CDA is not communicating with my pBPs at all, from what I know from PPVs, some emails to my PL to get some written feedback. And some they're just not no communication at all. So I'm not sure how they how they know. My my performance. So again, please black the information through a call with your advisors pBPs. And maybe sometimes their colleagues to get more a holistic view on their performance.

Unknown Speaker  16:56  
Now, maybe just a comment here, right? I'm just looking at the time spent right. I think say for example, for the pre court, right? 40% less than 10 minutes. This indeed sounds a bit low. Right?

Unknown Speaker  17:10  
No matter, right? The associates, right? They are staff or not staff. Right. But if you talk to them every three months, right? Or sometimes maybe even six months, right, but I hope it's three months. I'm sure right? There's quite some you can talk about right the challenges he or she has been facing, right? Well, what cases have had she or he been on? Who has been working with? Right? Understanding him or her as an individual? Right? What is his or her concerns? Right? If he or she was not on project, right? It doesn't mean there's nothing to talk about. Right? You can still write be talking to them how to write advice, right? How to Write be more proactive in BD, right. What kind of projects you might be interested in? Right, whether I can do anything right to to support you more? Right. So frankly, I feel 10 minutes is quite literal. Right. And I'm a bit surprised, right. 40% of the polls are less than this.

Unknown Speaker  18:15  
Yeah, I don't know. Right. On average, I think you guys have each right. Five to six advising. Right.

Unknown Speaker  18:22  
So yeah, I I sincerely hope, right. I mean, you can get to I'm sure many of you have been doing an excellent job in this. Right. But for some others, right, I hope you can really try to lose the opportunity to, like,

Unknown Speaker  18:39  
learn about more as a person, right to talk more. Right? Try to at least, frankly, live 15 minutes. Probably not a not a big ask. Right. But 1520 30 minutes, right.

Unknown Speaker  18:54  
I personally write to it with my ppl. advisees. Right, every quarter. Right. And every time it feels like we can talk the full 30 minutes for each of them. Right. So just make sure right. I know you're all very, very busy. Right? This I fully fully recognize, but I just hope right? You have in your mind. Right? Five times. You shouldn't be expecting only 510 minutes right by but I hope you set the bar a bit higher.

Unknown Speaker  19:24  
Yeah. And, and, and I'm sure right, many of our associates will then feel this as a much more helpful and yeah, yeah, they're useful discussions. Right. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  19:39  
As we mentioned, we do see very clear trends that are

Unknown Speaker  19:49  
coming commitment, in terms of talking to our agencies, and also engaged in the meetings, right. We also see that many people may say, Oh, I have a fun meeting right now. Then.

Unknown Speaker  20:00  
Be present bye bye t and I will be. And you know, for the remaining discussion, they may not be able to engage, I think, you know, you, we commit ourselves with a CD committee, let's try to defend, you know, focus to date in fashion, fruitful discussion. That's also showing the respect to our people and invest in young people. We know that every one of you are very busy. You may have some urgent deadlines, a lot of things to prioritize. However, this is really important that if we, we do not invest in our people, I think gradually, you know, we see issues on the AC development, and also our culture. So let's try our best to improve on this, especially for ages.

Unknown Speaker  20:48  
All right, moving to next section.

Unknown Speaker  20:53  
So just a few points on the workday app, this might be useful for all our CDs. First, we have the updated, more informative notification, especially for Taseer and everything. So why you see the email like this, please do click on and finish what was left on what day. And secondly, we have updated auto safe not only on donoughmore feedbacks, but also last year, so that will be more helpful. And next one is the self service offline downward feedback. So you can click one button to get a PDF E or email to write for a downward feedback. This is very useful when you are losing internet and or maybe

Unknown Speaker  21:37  
in the middle of meeting or something like that. So please do utilize this function. And lastly, is that MDPs are able to add to it and make simple score, change or comment change, not just to give this back to ppl, but you could actually add it by yourself if that's more convenient.

Unknown Speaker  22:02  
All right. Next session. I'll leave that to IB to introduce some and lnd resources. Sure. Can you hear me? Yes. Okay, great. So I'll have a very quick update about the training programs this year, especially highlight the new lateral hire booster target to lateral hire and see. And all the as you can see, all the sessions are mapped out with our evaluation. So you can very easily find your advices AFD and provide related mechanism support. And if you so this sheet is simply for your reference so you can understand how's your advices training schedule, and also provide IT related support when needed. And next, please. So lastly, we also have some new learning workshop bi weekly on Friday noon. So we provide a lot of the essential consulting skills and learn with their peer groups. So if you found if you found your advices had the related knees, please encourage them to join that they can also learn a lot of the PA knowledge and latest sharing from the topic groups which pppl. Okay, thank you.

Unknown Speaker  23:29  
All right. Next to I'll invite Serena to introduce our new EVP initiative on Kaplan. Yeah. So they introduced some new

Unknown Speaker  23:41  
ECG.

Unknown Speaker  23:43  
A health on

Unknown Speaker  23:46  
it? Oh, yes. Yes. So it definitely works and more of our people promise. And the main target for this initiative is to bring clarity to our agencies on all the existing career options, we have DCG so that we can help them to make a more structure to happen under a more structured way.

Unknown Speaker  24:11  
So there's no new quarterbacks working this, essentially. So it's more like a restructure. And so it's establishing a process that enables the athletes to play here and further the career in the moment. So there are three key components within this passing initiative. The first one is the passport casework. You can see everything here. That's our day to day work. So it will it serves as the backbone of our of their careers. And then from time to time, they have this opportunity to join some of the optional active progress, which many refers to our existing programs. And then along the way, they can also have multiple flexible working models to choose

Unknown Speaker  25:01  
So we also depict a typical journey for agencies to navigate through their career often opportunities. I won't go into detail, but we want to emphasize a bit

Unknown Speaker  25:13  
to emphasize the United side. So when you talk with your event, please note that only, only people who have

Unknown Speaker  25:25  
dinner are allowed to participate in any inactive or progress. And please do manage their expectation that endorsement. So we do you need to have a cat a GED endorsement before they can apply to any of the global programs and the endorse machine, a case by case question based on the holistic review of the program. So not everyone will, are guaranteed to be up to the doors.

Unknown Speaker  25:55  
That's next.

Unknown Speaker  25:58  
We do have a lot of resources if you want to know more details, so you can check out the password password, or you can read our CDA Reference Guide and sent along with yesterday's announcement email. So we actually focus more on the rehabilitation process. So we'll have more interaction on each of the programs, our selection criteria, and also the enforcement processes. So I know that because we are not about we will have a workshop with the ANC is next Friday. So we're going to introduce all these people to them. So we're not, we're not expecting all the figures to understand, it's very difficult, but our key here is to match their needs.

Unknown Speaker  26:47  
So our key here is to please incorporate the pathway discussion into your creativity talk. So we want you to help you are likely to make more intentional and thoughtful career decisions. So during the near and dear NCVT, during your preclinical please, to put the discussion into your agenda to kind of just walk them through the three components. For instance, on the past on the past, or piecework, you can discuss with them on their long term plan and their plan to do the activity etc. And on the left hand section, you can simply whether they have an interest to a client and once in the near future. And also for him outside, you can just understand what's there. If they have any personal needs. That's progress. So the global is also developing the upward

Unknown Speaker  27:43  
sort of import into sort of the quote, pathway session into it as a tool to practice discussion and also documents and up.

Unknown Speaker  27:56  
So,

Unknown Speaker  27:58  
in summary, our key expectation for you at the CDA is, firstly, please read through the CDA Reference Guide, and understand the concept of the pathway initiative. Secondly, please incorporate that pathway discussion into the mid year at your npc talk. So for this round, because we already missed the free city hall. So we will do it in a quick set up to sort of as a test run. So you can start to have a better understanding of the past week. And thirdly, if you have if you're going to want to apply for any of the electives, or we call them programs, please share with us your level of support public persona. So because that will be a very important element when we consider the position. And lastly, if you're already

Unknown Speaker  28:50  
already visited in any of the inactives, please help us to collect and send the factory validation, especially for those comments with our external partnerships.

Unknown Speaker  29:02  
Thank you. Thank you, sorry.

Unknown Speaker  29:07  
Maybe just very quickly, I actually get that question offline. So maybe I just address it here.

Unknown Speaker  29:15  
Okay, just just to make it clear, we do look at the performance of our CD advisors regularly, either month, a yearly right if not by annually, and it is a big group. So you might not realize, but we do rotate out. On average, maybe one to two advisors, think of the CDC and ad right and sometimes killed even

Unknown Speaker  29:45  
when the advisors are clearly not performing in terms of either attendance, or

Unknown Speaker  29:54  
say for example, feedback from your advisees sometimes it's through the

Unknown Speaker  30:00  
surveys, right? Sometimes we heard very consistently right? Of course, we do not do it easily, right. But there are some advisors, right? You might or might not notice, right? They they actually repeatedly right got kind of complained by the advisor. Right not doing the job not doing the communications. Right. Not participating in meetings. Right. poor attendance, we do rotate out. As of now, we don't do that that often, frankly. Right. But on average, there's one to two per committee

Unknown Speaker  30:32  
that got rotated out. So just want to make sure, right, right. There's question right, how do we deal with advisors that that are not really doing the job? And I just want to make it clear here? Yeah. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  30:50  
All right. Thank you for that. So shall we start the discussion from I say promotion?

Unknown Speaker  30:59  
First of all, I'm Corey junk crystal.

Unknown Speaker  31:05  
Yeah, sorry, we had discussed his situation last time, I think there is no big changes to finish the the auto projects and now get down to another PIs projects. So, overall case availability in last 12 months is 60% As I remember, so, basically,

Unknown Speaker  31:33  
end to end project

Unknown Speaker  31:36  
since last year,

Unknown Speaker  31:39  
and the performance for region to pour for projects is all above like two, so is our consistent performance in last four projects. I think the feedback also quite consistent, his strengths is in the no could understand class problem. Very good at relationship building.

Unknown Speaker  32:10  
And also very efficient to produce project output.

Unknown Speaker  32:18  
I think, from this layout or projects is actually implementation type of project to implement the strategic planning process. So your addition to the planning side, we also learned to how to push clients to make the internal alignment and actually launch the process build up the internal capability. So I think four days, the PPL give him the feedback. Nice time next level to consultant he need to be, you know, end to end on the module.

Unknown Speaker  33:06  
Not only he's used to end up good at to do the planning setup work, but also make sure the implementation and the drive the the real crime impact. So I think is a fair, you know, comments to from Isay to see

Unknown Speaker  33:28  
and also, there is no feedback to for him to move to next career step. So overall, I think we had the vote last time

Unknown Speaker  33:43  
still keep the same a similar recommendation for promotion at

Unknown Speaker  33:51  
Tattoo romances. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  33:57  
Okay.

Unknown Speaker  33:59  
So yeah, I recall that we did the vote for Korea last time for ATM 21. And it's very tight for that one. And I think from both qualitative and quantitative

Unknown Speaker  34:17  
metrics, all meats 21 month criteria. So shall we make the decision for 21 month promotion?

Unknown Speaker  34:27  
Penetration testing can we look at the timesheet page

Unknown Speaker  34:41  
last time we talked about his in the powder land for 18 to 21. I think 21 Man says his

Unknown Speaker  34:53  
will take average is 1.8 and the way your availability is 60%

Unknown Speaker  35:00  
So should be well for in today's cohort.

Unknown Speaker  35:06  
Yes. Yes, it was since.

Unknown Speaker  35:12  
Oh, let's move to the next one at Nestle. Jeffrey.

Unknown Speaker  35:17  
Yeah. And it's I think she also worked on the the auto pace. I talked with the PM. Actually, she is doing well, that she is able to manage the module by herself. And also very good clients, actually. So last time, you said, so she really needs to get a chances to interact with the client. But during this phase, actually, she's doing great regarding the client's actions. And also, I asked her the pm regarding whether she is ready to be promoted to consultant and also willing to staffer as a consultant. The answer is, yes, yes. So looking at also the score wise, right. I think she is kind of 21 months is case. But her playability is surprising lower. I know she was working on the the auto starting late last year. Just tell me, availability is quite low. I don't know what's the case about that. So but otherwise, I think regarding the case feedback, and also the evaluation, she's 21 months is cases.

Unknown Speaker  36:31  
Reason why she claimed billable he was so it was because

Unknown Speaker  36:37  
she was not staffed on case for for quite a long time. So that was why we decided to make some special financial treatment, like partially discounted, hope bit fulfilling. So there was one.

Unknown Speaker  36:52  
Yeah, to add on that. So

Unknown Speaker  36:57  
I can sit and work on some of the local cheer ones, that would definitely hurt a little bit and also adding

Unknown Speaker  37:06  
the other is 50%. But only after check was K and will be presented as well. This mainly because a case budgeting and if there's magic king,

Unknown Speaker  37:20  
or her, maybe Kate, could you please be awesome.

Unknown Speaker  37:25  
on that? Yeah, just to build on that. I think Agnes is doing quite well on the case. And basically for the second half of the case, I didn't really you know pay too much attention on Agnes module. So he's he's doing her own module on her own interacting a lot interacting with a lot of clients, I think the maturity and also the content wise, she's ready for promotion. And also Michael was correct. We got Agnes because previously Agnes believability is lower. And then she got on the mall, she got on the case, and we decided to stop her for about six to eight weeks or so. But we can only give her 50% availability. And afterwards because of her good performance, we decided to extend her staffing on the case but still the budget cannot afford and then we sort of strike the arrangement that she's gonna stay on the case given the slow pipeline, but you know, the scalability is kind of lagging behind so that is why

Unknown Speaker  38:37  
giving getting personal I don't know just

Unknown Speaker  38:46  
closer to the microphone, your sound is very vague.

Unknown Speaker  38:54  
I'm still here.

Unknown Speaker  38:57  
Wait, it's not very clear.

Unknown Speaker  39:03  
I think

Unknown Speaker  39:06  
maybe maybe you want to retiring? Yeah, maybe rebellion.

Unknown Speaker  39:16  
Score recent score looks indeed actually good.

Unknown Speaker  39:22  
The PA shows why look at accumulated powers.

Unknown Speaker  39:27  
It's a bit long, which is what you're seeing live as the availability issue we just saw right but cumulative hours. Let me remind everyone it counts the local tier one global here where these hours are all covered in ink. So cumulative hours is not high enough.

Unknown Speaker  39:48  
Which means like

Unknown Speaker  39:51  
learning

Unknown Speaker  39:53  
through those, like the cases November's case and the TOS, it's lower than the others.

Unknown Speaker  40:00  
So if we compare with

Unknown Speaker  40:03  
example Korean, we just decided 21 Okay

Unknown Speaker  40:14  
still

Unknown Speaker  40:16  
right now

Unknown Speaker  40:25  
you

Unknown Speaker  40:38  
maybe 10. Can we move to the calibration page because we have a cumulative hours in the past on that page so we can cover that. But

Unknown Speaker  40:53  
I think what Rena just said is 20% availability probably cannot consider

Unknown Speaker  41:00  
as the first promotion especially I think we don't have a history of promoting someone who's still under investment

Unknown Speaker  41:10  
compared to Cory Cooper,

Unknown Speaker  41:13  
is this bottom 10%?

Unknown Speaker  41:18  
If we take consideration of the case, which is partial VA,

Unknown Speaker  41:25  
we take that into consideration, I guess.

Unknown Speaker  41:30  
Students

Unknown Speaker  41:36  
did she join us was 10 you?

Unknown Speaker  41:39  
I can't remember.

Unknown Speaker  41:42  
No, she joined us as fresh as. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  41:49  
So if we're not making a promotion discussion, then we'll that will be a red flag. Because this is an upper out discussion for next time.

Unknown Speaker  42:03  
Right, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  42:06  
It's not fast motion does not pass promotion at all. It's like an up and out.

Unknown Speaker  42:11  
Discussion.

Unknown Speaker  42:15  
And, frankly, right, I've worked with Alex that. Agnes since her first case, I do feel she actually is quite strong. And I mean, capabilities wise, she has been on she has been doing some kind of consulting more CNS related. Right, but I think more skilled, analytical person. Right. So I'm a bit surprised about her staffing. Right. So yeah, yeah, I know. It's above this session right next time but Miko, maybe let's let's try to see if Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  42:50  
Yeah, I mean, I don't I actually am not sure why she has not been like, able to find the opportunity.

Unknown Speaker  43:00  
I mean, in the first year of her tenure, I mean, she has all just been only doing some kind of bunching and try and works. And there was what partly because of the slower pipeline, but it was still a little bit surprising to me as well.

Unknown Speaker  43:21  
Also, yes, we put it in on 24 Like next time like a discussion so they'll need to just make a decision right now.

Unknown Speaker  43:30  
Based on the availability very low piece availability and also the low cumulative hours so if you wait this time in the calibration chart, if you look at that we put the cumulative hours on that as a reference as well. So unless it's 24 to 12 Unless it's 12 months like faster tracker which is a solid something 1500 around the like accumulative hours all the others promoted a roughly like it's about 100 1800 to like the 2000 pass that type of work in the late hours. So obviously you tripled accumulative hours definitely I think it's not not enough for hours to to develop her herself yet. So let's wait till next time to see and then like stopping outstanding team please take a

Unknown Speaker  44:28  
careful look after this other ABC to see if there's some hours that can give it to her for her to develop.

Unknown Speaker  44:41  
Okay, so I have two things to make it clarified for Agnes first. Technically, if she is not promoted now then we have to put her on a red flag. Because next time is up or out. Technically we have to do this. So that would be a red flag discussion.

Unknown Speaker  45:00  
And secondly, what we what do we need Agnes to do in order to promote next time? Because, honestly, there's only three months left, where maybe I shouldn't vote for her and what we Yeah, three months left.

Unknown Speaker  45:17  
I don't think our ability would be as high as others even after three months.

Unknown Speaker  45:25  
And also for cumulative hours. So what was our was our view where it was, was our ask for Agnes.

Unknown Speaker  45:33  
Mike was she right now?

Unknown Speaker  45:37  
She's just I think she just rolled out but I think we are trying to pull her every Dennison but that's still fully available. So still, depending on judge or chose decision.

Unknown Speaker  45:55  
Look at the current bill Bill is 20 Something even after three months, I think the number will now go or high, maybe you should deliver the message to

Unknown Speaker  46:05  
to his associate, you know, she needs really needs to pay attention to the to the availability.

Unknown Speaker  46:14  
Next time, we can look at accumulative hours, and also the score. So the score continues to be strong, right. So here's why and choose in terms of the high level in terms of the same like integrated scores, and also the sub scores. That's what the other one is cumulative hours. And like three months, typically, you'll have

Unknown Speaker  46:38  
if I account for three months means 400 hours.

Unknown Speaker  46:49  
Always saying that, first she will get a she need to get another case fully available, right and then get a good score

Unknown Speaker  46:59  
was sufficient maybe another two or 300 hours that will make a promotion decision right.

Unknown Speaker  47:11  
To get out of the register, right.

Unknown Speaker  47:15  
We can consider take consideration of the partial theory

Unknown Speaker  47:26  
but we all hear the feedback, right? She's

Unknown Speaker  47:30  
almost She's actually quite good. So let's try to make it work.

Unknown Speaker  47:36  
Basically, that will be promotions.

Unknown Speaker  47:41  
All right. So Miko, let's pay close attention, make sure she says.

Unknown Speaker  47:46  
Okay, and we'll put her on rest back for now. And that's why we're in terms of communication, Jeffrey. I think, you know, there are many reasons behind the local ability, right? Of course, she herself needs to make more effort on that. But I guess let's not know demotivate her too much on that. I think performance will still work together.

Unknown Speaker  48:20  
All right. Shall we move to the next one? Share with you? And

Unknown Speaker  48:25  
I'm sure I'm sorry. The reason case? I think she's doing quite well. continued strong performance.

Unknown Speaker  48:35  
She was on a PMO case. So quite complicated. There's 60 more clients to manage and very complicated stakeholder and team setup. And he did a she did a good job. And she got a two. So overall look at Sherry's performance, I think overall performance quite stable. So she is strong and robbing the Super Bowl and effective and efficient in delivery on time. And she is good in presentation and she did the previous feedback. She's a little bit nearer to do more practice in terms of claim management and I think she proved quite well in the recent PMO case. So overall, for for performance is quite strong and good trajectory, right. She never got to three she's to plus performance along the way in his in her tenure.

Unknown Speaker  49:38  
And overall I would like to propose an 18 months as that promotion

Unknown Speaker  50:00  
So Sherry worked with me on the AI amplify case and she has a strong ship very self motivating to drive her own module independently

Unknown Speaker  50:13  
so I do feel that I also worked with her on a few other cases a few months ago I do see I have very consistent performance over it and so on support for 18 months

Unknown Speaker  50:36  
so in terms of the quality and average scores sharing profile was very much like

Unknown Speaker  50:45  
if we compare it to compare

Unknown Speaker  50:51  
since similar

Unknown Speaker  51:04  
okay, there's Yeah, this looks 18 spine right so the overall scores and also the fish that's what I heard

Unknown Speaker  51:14  
I'm just to remind everyone the score with pink background will be the potentially inflated score

Unknown Speaker  51:30  
ability

Unknown Speaker  51:44  
Oh, this L I just noticed that accumulative hours for sharing Sherry also not high enough

Unknown Speaker  51:59  
Yes, I think

Unknown Speaker  52:03  
yeah, I think for her case believability is it's quite okay. Right. It's 49.

Unknown Speaker  52:17  
If you look at the profile of previous SHSP promotion

Unknown Speaker  52:22  
or availability is hot water

Unknown Speaker  52:28  
some of our development

Unknown Speaker  52:32  
look at

Unknown Speaker  52:34  
the track record.

Unknown Speaker  52:43  
You

Unknown Speaker  52:57  
was was our view for 18 months promotional we support it supportive or?

Unknown Speaker  53:13  
Think in terms of score, right.

Unknown Speaker  53:16  
Share, share his SAT scores quite high and

Unknown Speaker  53:20  
very, I think good trajectory, right and talk to PL I think she is ready for for promotion. And I think we can give her some credit on that. And, but going forward, remind her on unavailability, but I think she is kind of looking for other cases for cases, outside healthcare, too, in terms of fungibility. So maybe that's one factor. She got a little bit lower visibility, but I think she's quite stuff. Right in terms of I don't think that's a big issue for her. So if it's okay, I think I would also support her at Manasa promotion.

Unknown Speaker  54:11  
Yeah. So from the trajectory, I'll have to say that I have a question on the one which is quite inflated by

Unknown Speaker  54:24  
score. And if I recall that correctly, originally is two or three if I'm a PL and then corroborative. I just home to one, but yet he didn't meet the

Unknown Speaker  54:40  
conversion goal.

Unknown Speaker  54:45  
But if all was originally a two or three from the PL you mean Yes. If I didn't recall that wrong.

Unknown Speaker  54:54  
And there's no subscores in the evaluation

Unknown Speaker  54:58  
has because he didn't stop me that

Unknown Speaker  55:04  
See means previously as a three and then calibrated to what? Well, at least a low to

Unknown Speaker  55:11  
why there's such a big difference during calibration?

Unknown Speaker  55:18  
Um, yeah, the reviewer was to Song himself and

Unknown Speaker  55:23  
I think he made a decision or originally to give it to maybe or three I didn't recall specifically, and then move to a one after knowing this promotion window

Unknown Speaker  55:46  
usually be some score dissipation, if this is not their home office.

Unknown Speaker  55:57  
So this is a cross office CTD. And so maybe she told you that that is usually under underrated, because of the cross scoring system

Unknown Speaker  56:10  
for us, because a lot of times for across Office scoring.

Unknown Speaker  56:15  
The team who's not from the original office got a lower score.

Unknown Speaker  56:20  
Because they might also want to calibrate or give a higher score for their home office team. I'm not sure if that's the case, but Oh, okay.

Unknown Speaker  56:33  
Yeah, it's a neutralizing scoring calculation. Because across offices, yeah. I said, Yes, we park here, and then we'll move on the other thing. Our ask a teacher on what sort what, what, what has what's going on? All this number one, okay.

Unknown Speaker  56:53  
So that's one then that one? Well, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  56:58  
Okay. So, what we have discussed, it's our elasticity cycle. So, we agree that she has a very strong hunger a last time, we specifically emphasized her questions, which is the conceptual conceptual thinking, and we also noticed that she has been working with the the pH AI for for a while, so, we suggest that she need to keep staffed on cases, so as to improve her cumulative hours as well as her capability, her availability. So, in this cycle, we can see that her year to the availability has been increased a lot are also we have received consistently

Unknown Speaker  57:50  
give was from the case leaders, so are all are all

Unknown Speaker  57:56  
scores are choose. But we can see that across all those

Unknown Speaker  58:02  
dimensions here has been as she has received several ones, especially in the problem solving part. And also, the DBPR specifically emphasize that she has improved a lot in terms of client communication. She's now being able to fight back with the client, especially in the tough situation. And she's now independently working on the PMO process.

Unknown Speaker  58:33  
This week, she's also taking over the 60% of the CEO presentation CIO

Unknown Speaker  58:42  
or the PPL think her conceptual thinking and the kind of communication

Unknown Speaker  58:50  
two points we need to highlight things last cycle.

Unknown Speaker  58:55  
So we think that she's so last time we think she's tentatively to 50 Mom's promotion and I think maybe this time we can confirm this

Unknown Speaker  59:17  
okay underscores and consistently too long. And

Unknown Speaker  59:25  
yeah, pretty stable and accuracy is quite quite stoppable. I heard that even after her current case. There's one case waiting for her. So I feel she has demonstrated her potential and capability

Unknown Speaker  59:51  
Yeah, that was formerly look more like an 80s especially Sherry

Unknown Speaker  1:00:00  
which is higher and even Sherry is covered that one is covered. Do and the

Unknown Speaker  1:00:10  
hours cerciello?

Unknown Speaker  1:00:24  
Sorry, what's your question?

Unknown Speaker  1:00:27  
So I was asking why the other kids because

Unknown Speaker  1:00:35  
she had worked with bhi

Unknown Speaker  1:00:39  
for some while.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:42  
Yeah, so yeah, we're saying that. That's why ours is, is low as well right.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:53  
Yeah, but still on par with peers and four year to de olatuja paints by 80%.

Unknown Speaker  1:01:09  
The

Unknown Speaker  1:01:11  
pay rate so the average score is two and related our

Unknown Speaker  1:01:20  
country

Unknown Speaker  1:01:23  
looks like more like us.

Unknown Speaker  1:01:29  
Yeah. Oh, great. Look at the scores. I think profiles really looked like those 18 months, not not capable for 1213 months.

Unknown Speaker  1:01:39  
Yeah, I think for zavon, she needs to do more casework to accumulate more experience and hopefully we could get a one next time to confirm

Unknown Speaker  1:01:52  
80 miles but maybe to also work. She just need more time, more time more case experience.

Unknown Speaker  1:01:59  
So we decided to make decision next cycle.

Unknown Speaker  1:02:08  
Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:02:10  
sorry to interrupt. But if we look at Dalva Sherry versus Agnes, I think the the trajectory of Agnes is is quite strong.

Unknown Speaker  1:02:20  
I think we we decided to put her on red flag compare with Sharon Javon. I think is that a bit too hard for her because the believability is kind of pre decided before she got on the Alto. And she her performance is good. So if we deliver the message to put her out, reflect there's basically nothing we can do.

Unknown Speaker  1:02:43  
I mean, every pretty much the decision has been made, you know, regarding the red flags, like couple of months ago, so is there anything we can do before that?

Unknown Speaker  1:02:56  
Five minutes? Yes.

Unknown Speaker  1:03:00  
Okay, I think let's

Unknown Speaker  1:03:03  
calculate the the if the auto case 50% staffing understood at the time it's because of whatever issues and there's an alignment of 80% If that's counted as an 100 What the What the accumulative hours availability would be okay and now we will come back and see Yes, sure. Thanks.

Unknown Speaker  1:03:26  
Okay. Can I clarify if duck the later hours again to all all the investment hours and the working hours with bhi for Java

Unknown Speaker  1:03:39  
are only taking into account the client visibility now I know that the client gullibility TLS visibility local host local to global TLS or content above investment our last one I don't know. So the other investment is counted as well

Unknown Speaker  1:03:59  
that it's the accumulated hours for Agnes is indeed low compared with the other candidates if it

Unknown Speaker  1:04:09  
already cut it into you know, the investment hours

Unknown Speaker  1:04:18  
Yeah, and also, for example, bhi is hours is also counted in cumulative hours

Unknown Speaker  1:04:34  
All right, we'll recalculate

Unknown Speaker  1:04:37  
Agnes Stata, and that's TeraGrid back.

Unknown Speaker  1:04:42  
Let's move to Franco. So the champ

Unknown Speaker  1:04:47  
All right. Yeah. So for friend so I think last time we have discussed about growing and then like, he actually realized that Bill ability is actually relatively low for him and big

Unknown Speaker  1:05:00  
calls that he has actually taken the the law business, then he takes two very long block lifts. That makes him a little bit relatively hard to actually staff because of the case continuity issues. But then I think after that he actually used up his annual lift, and he had been actually very actively find a case to get himself stopped. And so that's why since then, he has been stopped on two cases. One is the SCB X. And another one is

Unknown Speaker  1:05:31  
due diligence in the US, I think both of the case he has extremely great feedback from both ppl electric recommend them. And then like what they mentioned is that he excelled in four dimension, he actually have a very great problem solving are able to actually do good framing and structuring to solve NP ambiguous problem. And also he communicate very well that he is able to articulate the message very clearly. And he wrote very independently and in a very, extremely high pressure case. So I think comments from the pppl actually mentioned that, like x, for example, one thing I want to highlight is that even for a US case, why then pppl actually work with a team based in the US and a friend is actually the only one based in GCC working remotely with with the PPL. And then the actually the PL mentioned that he is actually the strongest amount that him actually even including those people in the in, in the US based at him and he is already performing like a C already. So I think these are some indication from a performance and from absolute performance wise, I think he is actually like already very ready to be promoted, and or very actually strongly accepted by the PVR actually work with him. I think the only thing that like that we need to actually like a highlight for discussion is about accumulative, our is extremely low. But then like I was trying to look back into some of the previous data

Unknown Speaker  1:07:03  
to see if this actually makes sense. Because last cycle in q1 ADC, Frank, one cumulative hours actually in like 982. And but then I've seen since then he has been stopped on these two different cases. So I think at least the cumulative weeks shall be roughly like a nine to 10 week. So it will if we incorporate if the last data is actually correct. And then also these two data points is shall be, like, recorded correctly, then I think his cumulative hours shall be 1400. Roughly. Yeah, yeah. I just back to back of the envelope calculations here. So I think like, what we need to discuss here, is that like, from absolute performance, why he is indeed actually great. And then I think cumulative hours, right is indeed very low. But then I think, rather, we need to actually look at the data because I indeed see some of the discrepancy here. And then if it is indeed finally that 1000 is the hours that maybe it is very hard for us to actually justify for a 15 month promotion. But then if it is actually shall be correctly reflected that shall be like 1400. And then looking at the calibration, I think it seems to be decent to be a 15 month case.

Unknown Speaker  1:08:24  
Um, yeah, so So on the cumulative hours, that's times hours 900 And something is countered the,

Unknown Speaker  1:08:35  
the,

Unknown Speaker  1:08:37  
the, a,

Unknown Speaker  1:08:39  
the score in the hours in it has a period. So from a to s a promotion, is this a case our splitted so that time that that a period is counted? This time we cracked the date data movie in that part, which means the total hours in essays actually are 1000s. That's the main reason for that change. Okay. So, you mean like the last time the

Unknown Speaker  1:09:10  
community of ours was overestimated, and this this time it has been adjusted more correctly? Yes, yes. And last time that that case is LVMH, which is the the I remember.

Unknown Speaker  1:09:29  
So So for Frank, I guess, it is the cumulative hour and also that is still not sufficient, and other good trajectory and performance as recognized. So maybe he could work on more cases.

Unknown Speaker  1:09:48  
Yeah, this one I think,

Unknown Speaker  1:09:52  
I agree with you might be if we actually take into account the cumulative hours, it will be very hard for us to justify for too much promotion. I think what

Unknown Speaker  1:10:00  
What's, what can he or what can we do to actually support Frank given like he has a good trajectory here? Like, right now? Is he being able to staff from a staffing perspective? I think one key is that he really needs to have some staffing opportunity for him to actually prove this community of ours.

Unknown Speaker  1:10:25  
Yeah, well, I think we, I think, is apparently sidewalk. We haven't got any negative feedbacks about about him.

Unknown Speaker  1:10:37  
The issue is still with the relatively slower pipeline in Hong Kong.

Unknown Speaker  1:10:43  
I think I

Unknown Speaker  1:10:45  
am not quite sure that whether he is flexible about coming to the main mainland to do projects. And also I mean, given

Unknown Speaker  1:10:55  
the, basically the separation for the past three years, there was some kind of gap of familiarity with Hong Kong licensees.

Unknown Speaker  1:11:06  
From I mean, the mainland way base people VPLS. So that adds to the difficulty of starting him in mainland cases, but

Unknown Speaker  1:11:17  
I mean, we will see what we try to try and see. Yeah, yeah, I think, just a little bit of the promotion of the franc here, because I think his Chinese capability is super strong as well. I think he previously also have done with, like a Chinese case, with Shin in Hong Kong here. And then the feedback was also very, very great, very strong. So I think if there is any doubt in terms of his Chinese capability, I think that is not an issue at all. And then I also talked to friends, and then he is very eager to be travelled around like, even into Mainland China as well. So I think in terms of the willingness, I think he is willing, but then I think it's only thing is that like, how can we actually support him to make him successful before the next city cycle? Because like, looking at his performance score, I think it is very short, and then he stopped going at all right, but then it is because of the business slowdown that like, I think it will be quite

Unknown Speaker  1:12:15  
like, either unfair, but and also maybe some, like tragic for Frank to be to be the latest promotion.

Unknown Speaker  1:12:27  
I will say actually, this is we should take that factor in to be honest, because of business sold out, because we don't have enough availability. We are evaluating them for the past, previous performance and availability rather than the future availability. That's my two cents. I agree. I think the situation is the same for all the all these days, I says.

Unknown Speaker  1:12:58  
Oh, ah, first of all conclusion, I'm totally online and agree up. So I think it's given the bill of quality. It's not immediately extension smartspace Oh, two

Unknown Speaker  1:13:15  
318. The ability as recognized, yeah. So that's one portfolio in terms of availability, that color is can tend to lack and it's not the edit box and

Unknown Speaker  1:13:29  
considering bolster the, like calculability, and also case availability. So it's a hard loss to justify to promote someone who's availability, they're still like, bottom 20

Unknown Speaker  1:13:45  
like a rat.

Unknown Speaker  1:13:55  
All right. So we will decide for Franklin starting, and hopefully he could get staffed on this

Unknown Speaker  1:14:03  
case.

Unknown Speaker  1:14:06  
That's why we'll be young we say.

Unknown Speaker  1:14:12  
Thank you.

Unknown Speaker  1:14:15  
He's a star I think very outstanding performance consistent ones.

Unknown Speaker  1:14:21  
To recently

Unknown Speaker  1:14:25  
I think the PRS really liked him and he was the backbone of the cases. I think he is super strong and problem solving, not only analysis is by total push beyond

Unknown Speaker  1:14:40  
the obvious, almost like a strong C profile in terms of problem solving, and he is also dead presentation, client interaction and are quite effective in case delivering, so and he has super high

Unknown Speaker  1:14:57  
mobility and good trajectory. So

Unknown Speaker  1:15:00  
So I think he has a clear 15 month promotion profile

Unknown Speaker  1:15:08  
for us, and also, at all very high. So we support a motion.

Unknown Speaker  1:15:17  
Yeah, if I worked on my two projects, one is the Chanel, he worked actually very independent, our module with the CFO, and handle our clients, you know, the interaction very well, ASCII three is only one work on this module.

Unknown Speaker  1:15:38  
So I was very surprised, because it's the first project, I worked with him, and he almost not almost, I think we performed

Unknown Speaker  1:15:48  
a very strong stay in terms of, you know, the maturity client interaction content theory, I'll drive by himself. And the second, why is the SEO project, he got stuck in the middle of the project, as you know, we can't have enough fair fighting situation for this project, because of the scope definition. But he also, you know, handle a module very well, to drive the counters and basically, finish some of the scope, you know, very, very challenging for normal projects. So I can't remember was our discussion last time, but in my experience working with a, he actually, I think, in very high, you know, performance bar and the kind of feel into the tree of mass promotion

Unknown Speaker  1:16:53  
I resonate to is the crystal a lot, honestly, I think is the overqualified for 15 month promotion, if you compare his trajectory and the performance, I mean, both the ratings and the visibility, actually to perform all those 15 mounts profile, we just discussed the right. So

Unknown Speaker  1:17:18  
I also worked with several cases in last year trough mount system, as as the crystal desert said, he excelled across all dimensions. I don't want to repeat all those good words again, but he is definitely the star performer we need to recognize. Yeah, so yeah, I think we needed to find a way to recognize and accept keeping this type of type talent who is

Unknown Speaker  1:17:47  
yeah, this to me seems to be a creative team with a score consistent one and also very high availability

Unknown Speaker  1:17:57  
in today's market, so I want to say it's enough pity. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  1:18:06  
That's why it's me me job.

Unknown Speaker  1:18:09  
Okay, we've discussed the meaning in last cycle. Thinking about early motion,

Unknown Speaker  1:18:16  
like due to the scores is a little bit on the borderline, so we defer to the cycle to decide. And I chatted with her reason project. Dillon I think that feedback is consistently good.

Unknown Speaker  1:18:30  
Like problem good problem solver very strong contributor team player and also coaching the junior member. So I will propose for 15 months promotion like given the overall score and also the availability I think it's okay but let's

Unknown Speaker  1:18:48  
like wait for the ADC to collaborate and decide let's discuss

Unknown Speaker  1:18:56  
Yep, probably I can add a little bit here I think we mean is is a is a is a really kind of the 15 months profile with a smart key and also willing to work for different modules and slowly stuffable so I will I want to propose ever to live with a certain age now a proposal

Unknown Speaker  1:19:20  
and I yes scores

Unknown Speaker  1:19:28  
profile

Unknown Speaker  1:19:38  
any other views from the committee?

Unknown Speaker  1:19:40  
We discuss if you all remember last round. We discussed a longtime debater quite a lot but only me. So because the only one at a time the only one score is pharmacy your best right so but the other score it's Dr. Scores not bad. Oh, by the way, it's a it's two

Unknown Speaker  1:20:00  
All and then subscores there's one. So last time we push the front 12 Miles promotion. So this time for discussion, and then the rap is promoting. It's proposing petite. So other views

Unknown Speaker  1:20:26  
the team that's for that last 15 months promotion.

Unknown Speaker  1:20:32  
And then oh, I just have one more question. Our EP, I think

Unknown Speaker  1:20:39  
what I just said the haste were clear or 12 months porpoise, and also comparing with other 15 months, Cobell. I think his performance is really, you know, outstanding.

Unknown Speaker  1:20:53  
And basically St. A in all dimensions, so I just didn't get the conclusion.

Unknown Speaker  1:21:02  
Because we, Crystal, first of all, we do not make any mutual access promotions. Secondly, last time when

Unknown Speaker  1:21:10  
he was in tough months promotion decision he supported and that's why we decided to put this in this cycle. And I think that's a greement from all the committee last time.

Unknown Speaker  1:21:25  
But if you can't paraphrase pobail With what we just talked about me, me, like, I didn't say me, me it's not not good. But they actually they are definitely in two different here.

Unknown Speaker  1:21:41  
So you can look at the historical

Unknown Speaker  1:21:45  
track record among

Unknown Speaker  1:21:49  
their seals.

Unknown Speaker  1:21:53  
Almost.

Unknown Speaker  1:21:59  
No.

Unknown Speaker  1:22:07  
Luck?

Unknown Speaker  1:22:10  
Because you cannot.

Unknown Speaker  1:22:13  
There's a discussion is there. So we're wondering why last time,

Unknown Speaker  1:22:19  
a code sample as a baseline

Unknown Speaker  1:22:22  
for me 15 months profile is explored 12 months, but me me as a typical food team must have a cut.

Unknown Speaker  1:22:33  
ability to store

Unknown Speaker  1:22:36  
all those stuff.

Unknown Speaker  1:22:40  
Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:22:42  
But like,

Unknown Speaker  1:22:44  
for the three ones, now, you think that for the last three ones, are they all happening within the last quarter? Or like are those three four week projects? Or are those like some long? Because I think the last time would

Unknown Speaker  1:23:02  
probably lie if it was quoted as that because the bits we want us to is probably happening, a lot is happening over the past quarter. So last time, there wasn't enough data points for the ones, but I'm not sure. Like, I'm just guessing that's probably the case. Yes, that's part of the case. The for the last three ones, two of them are coming this cycle. So that's one and two ones we

Unknown Speaker  1:23:31  
looked at last time for them is probably not as vocal right. But all of a sudden, this quarter, there's free ones popping up. So that's probably two more 111 Yeah, just

Unknown Speaker  1:23:47  
as so we cannot look at the number of the one score but look at the weighted average score of the cohort system. Further sheets she's quite similar to be me. So I guess that's fair. Probably because in the last cycle the weighted average score of the cohort is not strong enough I just guess

Unknown Speaker  1:24:06  
should be borderline so that's why we push to the cycle

Unknown Speaker  1:24:12  
Yeah, all right. Shall we move to less wife is no more objections. Fiona zone Jackie

Unknown Speaker  1:24:26  
Jackie is not here on So shall we move to John's value because yeah, shall we shall Yeah, honestly, there is

Unknown Speaker  1:24:36  
no too much to discuss. Sorry, I'm going up the staircase. And

Unknown Speaker  1:24:44  
there's not not too much to discuss about shall you because he is still be kept posted comment here end of July. So So in past a psycho he or she does not have any any any feedback

Unknown Speaker  1:25:00  
regarding the case,

Unknown Speaker  1:25:03  
yeah. So I actually she has one question to at least if she liked, you know, the How will ADC evaluate the feedback from his her be kept Jose comment

Unknown Speaker  1:25:22  
will be taken into consideration. For the, for the for the for the for the for the for the FAA promotion?

Unknown Speaker  1:25:32  
This is the question to ADC he also like to collect?

Unknown Speaker  1:25:37  
Yeah, because I think what we could do is we can still

Unknown Speaker  1:25:43  
collect the feedback from the Capitol. And also we can actually

Unknown Speaker  1:25:50  
to have a score back. But, but maybe not counted in this period. But it really depends on the toner, we have our gift card. Yeah, also based on the global plan for the big capitals. Normally, such as ownership, you only get a memo instead of a very solid score, because the clients cannot they don't really well understand our scoring mechanism. So normally, we'll just have a meme. So I think a nice chance to talk with we want to consider it.

Unknown Speaker  1:26:27  
Yeah, I think the point is that we can together because we can together talk to be capital and based on our experience, so give a score on that for reference, but those score will not be constantly

Unknown Speaker  1:26:42  
good. So how many months in does she need after she come back to BCG

Unknown Speaker  1:26:49  
to prove that she has the readiness to next step

Unknown Speaker  1:26:58  
she needed to to to to do pacer for another three months or six months after she come back.

Unknown Speaker  1:27:06  
Can you give me some think about the our expectation?

Unknown Speaker  1:27:12  
sheets already talked about Wisconsin?

Unknown Speaker  1:27:19  
Curly toe tenure as the essay.

Unknown Speaker  1:27:22  
Yeah. So so she

Unknown Speaker  1:27:28  
I think it's 11 month because she is 13 right now. Okay. So

Unknown Speaker  1:27:33  
another 11 month, but she has quite a lot of things to do.

Unknown Speaker  1:27:38  
Sep not finished. And also a little bit is quite low. I guess she needs quite a lot of work after coming back.

Unknown Speaker  1:27:49  
So I would say that, uh, she will need at least six months as the BCGs essay to execute case. Yes.

Unknown Speaker  1:28:00  
At least in my take, at least right. Okay. Okay. Okay. That is also good to know.

Unknown Speaker  1:28:08  
All right, let's move on to the next one.

Unknown Speaker  1:28:14  
Natalie, I know you're in COVID Archies.

Unknown Speaker  1:28:19  
Yes. So so now let's stop Oh, how's Kara case for certain weeks. And before she transferred to Stockholm office, she is really a star strong in all dimensions and very outstanding top zero on project. strong commitment, very hard working, strong problem solving and a very mature client facing. So if we look at her numbers, her scores her response is very high and also the visibility a typic coat Wellman's promotion material. So, low Chow is on the line, and he can get more input on Shannon's case.

Unknown Speaker  1:29:08  
So actually, I watched Shana grow from very first place to run out. Like, she has a very strong

Unknown Speaker  1:29:19  
presence in both healthcare and CG says can see here. In her first case, as an essay, it was a CG case in our salon. Second case was, was the case guided by me. This is also also another one. The reason why you're seeing here, too, is because that, like she was stuck on the online case for like four months, and it was split into two sub parts, two month each and on a second. It's mainly due to the calibration. It's not mainly it's just due to the calibration reasons why she got calibrating to a two and if you look at the subscores it's all I think it's all straight ones.

Unknown Speaker  1:30:00  
or the sub scores for the United imaging case but probably only one two.

Unknown Speaker  1:30:06  
So if it's not for the the calibration who was it's a clear clear

Unknown Speaker  1:30:15  
one for the case and oh for the hours I'm not sure why it's only feeling the need for love and falling for it but it's definitely more than that's so the overall it's four months case and so that that the hours can be calculated is probably due to that due to some some of the financial reasons but so if we look at the sub scores and also the overall performance and is it clear 12 months so the only two that you're seeing here is due to calibration

Unknown Speaker  1:30:48  
and I think she's also finished her first case in the Stockholm office but probably the score has popped up

Unknown Speaker  1:30:58  
that the overall the score for the One and Two The reason two scores is inflated

Unknown Speaker  1:31:07  
we it's inflated yes

Unknown Speaker  1:31:13  
to the table

Unknown Speaker  1:31:17  
yes the red ones right those are enter Megan and

Unknown Speaker  1:31:23  
to be honest Megan did calibrate this one from one to one and two so which was 1.5 but indeed Megan still have inflated score so

Unknown Speaker  1:31:36  
as committee's decision whether we should recognize that

Unknown Speaker  1:31:43  
okay to the sub score seems computability strong capabilities is recognized so when we look at it like a track sub scores and also the the other page sub scores and then even looking at experience a case experiencing the previously very fungible like and then it's across different NDP years so ones and twos may once so it's a strong line it's a clear strong one. So I think I would actually say 12 is fine

Unknown Speaker  1:32:19  
or a great please say something why are we just not just ignore that because people the other on the line the other group cannot say I cannot see you

Unknown Speaker  1:32:33  
I see people not in the shop office so

Unknown Speaker  1:32:38  
I agree 12 months Okay, thank you

Unknown Speaker  1:32:43  
just a reminder their scores with

Unknown Speaker  1:32:49  
me from from Megan

Unknown Speaker  1:32:53  
do that so those two are from the states and cancer

Unknown Speaker  1:32:58  
splits

Unknown Speaker  1:33:00  
Yeah, but they were inflated so that will be up to ours our decision on whether we should still kind of ship

Unknown Speaker  1:33:25  
that's

Unknown Speaker  1:33:27  
one of the scores calibrated to to with average 14

Unknown Speaker  1:33:34  
But it is it can

Unknown Speaker  1:33:48  
also for the speaker it's not very clear as getting

Unknown Speaker  1:33:53  
the sound who's saying that because two of the scores are coming from a inflated and

Unknown Speaker  1:33:59  
we're trying to calculate what if we are their pet pedigree the scores whether the average score effective or not, just try to be fair, right? Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:34:12  
Suomen me lemme

Unknown Speaker  1:34:33  
it's just a roller coaster just a moment. We're checking what, Jalen if we choose

Unknown Speaker  1:34:43  
that one will be 1.75.

Unknown Speaker  1:34:47  
Okay.

Unknown Speaker  1:34:54  
7515 we calibrate the score.

Unknown Speaker  1:35:00  
from Lagos, from one to two, the average score we have on Thursday 5.75. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:35:10  
The Corporate Average? Yes. I'm saying cuz

Unknown Speaker  1:35:15  
10 minutes Tom?

Unknown Speaker  1:35:24  
Yeah, I guess

Unknown Speaker  1:35:27  
the availability and accumulated hours are all good. Right? Yeah. So that's your

Unknown Speaker  1:35:35  
borderline, but overall speaking?

Unknown Speaker  1:35:40  
Yeah, if I may, for May we know like,

Unknown Speaker  1:35:46  
it's probably not.

Unknown Speaker  1:35:49  
It's probably false. Um, so for this case,

Unknown Speaker  1:35:54  
it's also a very tough position. Because for the imaging case, email, it's the one of the most important case the healthcare ongoing right now. So many of the top performers in healthcare are being staffed on the case. For example, for my case, we have

Unknown Speaker  1:36:13  
also later on in the a discussion, you also see you also see Najia,

Unknown Speaker  1:36:18  
who are probably the two strongest analytic machine healthcare right now, for the case in which it's a very, very intensive case, and

Unknown Speaker  1:36:28  
I'm not sure and also for that calibration.

Unknown Speaker  1:36:33  
That's the very recent decision made during this period of a cycle, right. So for the, for the one time, we've seen before, there was the Elissa score in the last cycle. So naturally, that one needs to be calibrated down that spot or like, if we see that, like this, I mean, like all historical cases that they can have should be calibrated down by liquid or not, or we only apply that to this to this cycle.

Unknown Speaker  1:37:02  
So

Unknown Speaker  1:37:05  
first of all, we should have balanced team for all the cases. So if it is because that team is not balanced, so we cannot tap it. This is this may not be sounds very reasonable from staffing side, I guess.

Unknown Speaker  1:37:22  
Pay more attention, it's time on your team. And, and then for the calibration scores.

Unknown Speaker  1:37:31  
This the score is that one is from

Unknown Speaker  1:37:36  
last year's, late October to December. So that one is actually counted into q1. If you recall, our q4 meeting was in October. So the cutoff date for last year will be October. So this score is definitely 2020 threes

Unknown Speaker  1:38:00  
years score and still need to be calibrated. We're not counting every sports in the past I'm Megan have by the score for 2023. City Year.

Unknown Speaker  1:38:12  
But even for q1 Because I don't recall we had the recession. And now we want to calibrate down the score for q1 for the QI ADC, or is that notice that? Or am I missing something in the last ADC cycle?

Unknown Speaker  1:38:27  
We did us calibration for every every time. But we didn't show the result in q1 only because most people most MDP they have too few of the inputs. So we are not made announced the result. But

Unknown Speaker  1:38:48  
yeah, another decision of calibrating down the so called a play this board was made only in this cycle, right? No, it wasn't communicating last cycle. Is that right? Now we did it communicated since last q4. And also through MDP meeting and many other scenarios, we did communicate a lot.

Unknown Speaker  1:39:10  
But therefore this your score is still inflated for this quarter. Or for like for

Unknown Speaker  1:39:20  
q1 and q2 or may still be inflated q1 q2 first half the result is first half

Unknown Speaker  1:39:28  
because lifeworlds calibrated down from one to do on a case by a personal score, but anyway.

Unknown Speaker  1:39:35  
But only in the hands of this few ones business is slow. Right? I'm not sure that that's fair to calibrate down the the score that way because the business is slowly and probably the more of the top performers, our staff on case and if we calibrated up down is that fair to

Unknown Speaker  1:40:00  
I think we already did the calculation, right? So even if we are further calibrating, on average store costs on the borderline, dependability and accumulated hours are all good. We're not saying that we want to push yourself as promotions with the key months, right? So for this single case, I think we're fine. However, let's not argue too much about a break inflation, whatever, is fair, right? As long as you have enough number of evaluations, you should follow the calibration rule. Otherwise, it's unfair to the other entities to follow the papers. That's also what we have agreed on yesterday series. So let's bear in mind, we need to let the employees know this is also a way that we should tell the VPS everyone should follow.

Unknown Speaker  1:40:55  
All right, let's agree.

Unknown Speaker  1:40:59  
So that's a tough one for Santa for now. But keep in mind that

Unknown Speaker  1:41:05  
all the scores should be calibrated fairly.

Unknown Speaker  1:41:10  
High, so

Unknown Speaker  1:41:12  
why not for the investments? Like maximum length is still one per case or that can be like two cases for investment.

Unknown Speaker  1:41:22  
Investment maximum 40s would normally will only start one per case. But that will really depend on the the scale of the of the project. I mean, some cases I mean, apparently they have like, three large modules with three ppls on the case. So so that's a different case. Usually, it's it's just one one per case.

Unknown Speaker  1:41:49  
Thanks. Bye goal.

Unknown Speaker  1:41:52  
That's

Unknown Speaker  1:41:53  
supposed to.

Unknown Speaker  1:41:56  
Yeah, right. Right is 10 months seeing sa now and she stopped out to CG projects since last add. For Raya, she delivered a very consistent positive, very good quality of water in the last cycle, and she is very strong. She She is a very strong module owner and also very reliable and works very hard for her scores. If we look, I suppose dependability is good. And the performance is continuously very stable. So I think she is 15 most material. We don't need to have too much discussion on this cycle I love

Unknown Speaker  1:42:50  
Yeah, so does this make a decision? Maybe lifecycle and is current cumulative hours relatively low, and we should remind her to get up and get more practice? She's

Unknown Speaker  1:43:08  
Oh, okay.

Unknown Speaker  1:43:11  
All right. Shall we move to the next one? Our outlook Rena.

Unknown Speaker  1:43:16  
Oh, you're so nervous case, Nora. I think her her scores is good. And feedback from the random case at mobile development is positive. But her main issue is availability. And I think she probably has to work hard to find a fight and fight fight cases to be staffed on rather than stuck in some case, which might not be realized from commercial output. Yeah, that's it. And he she's still relatively early to discuss promotion window, probably next cycle. Yeah, Nora. I think she has availability issue is only because well, she is apparently very stuck. But

Unknown Speaker  1:43:58  
the only issue is that she has she was hoping to be staff our case but which had

Unknown Speaker  1:44:03  
which has not been materialized until now. So we were planning to staff her on to a another case from next week.

Unknown Speaker  1:44:14  
Yeah, we're not Could you also remind her Sep INNOPOLIS yet?

Unknown Speaker  1:44:19  
Oh, sure. Meeting. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  1:44:25  
Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:44:27  
that's Well, that's what what a joke. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  1:44:34  
Sure, Jordans case is quite straightforward as well. I think his feedback has been relatively stable. I heard a lot of positive comments on him. But you know, honest core is pretty much only three. The last three have I think it's just a preliminary score. I talked to the pm and saying that he's doing a pretty ugly job or meeting expectation.

Unknown Speaker  1:45:00  
all solids are all cost curves are solid. But previously, I think he is with healthcare background. So his previous case, experience is only with healthcare. So for this case, he's trying to ramp up. And also there, there is some room for him to to improve.

Unknown Speaker  1:45:20  
He's really diligent, hard working, and well push him himself very hard in terms of, you know, driving for the insights and client management, so on so forth. So the current pm saying that she will reevaluate his performance when the case get finished. So the three years only preliminary preliminary in terms of the vulnerability, I think the number is quite low, because I think previously, he's still investment. And for now, he's still partially billable on the current case. So I think he needs to solve that problem as well. And also the the SCP is yes, the pending issue for him as well. That's pretty much for him. Still too early to discuss.

Unknown Speaker  1:46:10  
Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:46:14  
Next one, Kevin, John Chavis?

Unknown Speaker  1:46:17  
Yes. It's a challenging Facebook hasn't.

Unknown Speaker  1:46:22  
He has quite low visibility, and ramp the recent feedback, I guess. It's it's just also the recent case. He was working on the internal to one case for the training institution, institution, institution with Regina attack, the feedback is it has not strong ownership for the modules. And he has not the ownership to drive to solve the issues. However, there are some special case that probably we need to take into account. One is Katherine just became a new dad. Tom, the originals case. The second one, is it because it's not a client billable? So Regina, Regina just commented. That's probably also one of the reason why Ken is not so driven on the on the on a case. Heaven is now working on a pot case it's 25% billable.

Unknown Speaker  1:47:25  
I guess it's it's quite critical for him to prove his capability and the potential probably for for the for the following a career for for him.

Unknown Speaker  1:47:39  
So I guess probably it's our city decision to decide if we need to put him on the watch out or red flag. But I guess the case is a little bit similar as Jordans case,

Unknown Speaker  1:47:55  
because they joined the firm.

Unknown Speaker  1:47:59  
And last October, August has slowed. It's quite challenging for them to be stackable.

Unknown Speaker  1:48:09  
Oh, yeah. Well, well, Kevin.

Unknown Speaker  1:48:12  
Kevin, Kevin situation is a little bit special. Earlier this year, I think he I think his wife got pregnant. And so so he has some family issue. And he he's he personally didn't want to travel out of Shanghai. So that was

Unknown Speaker  1:48:28  
one of the reasons why it was difficult to get him stopped.

Unknown Speaker  1:48:33  
Also, I think

Unknown Speaker  1:48:35  
I mean, as Chavez mentioned, I mean, he is not very strong in terms of performance. So there was also there was also another reason why he hasn't got stopped before for quite a long time.

Unknown Speaker  1:48:51  
Yeah, for his current DDQ has actually talked to the PL a few days ago. And other people said

Unknown Speaker  1:49:02  
it's not very productive, and or not, let's say not very offensive in the work, but

Unknown Speaker  1:49:11  
there is a considering if rolling him off or not.

Unknown Speaker  1:49:16  
I'm not sure, Michael if they already made the decision. But there's also a point because the case was paused for for some time. So I think the data made a decision yet but apparently, Kevin was not one of the one of the good performers in case.

Unknown Speaker  1:49:37  
Hey, if we're trying to hold a bar for ABC, most cases are after 10 months. So our investment was extremely low visibility. This, those two cases are typically very rare effects. I mean, we respect that that has no family issues, but it gives us more calm to take away.

Unknown Speaker  1:49:57  
So I guess if those two are not a red flag

Unknown Speaker  1:50:00  
and difficult to maintain the box.

Unknown Speaker  1:50:05  
Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:50:07  
So shall we put them or?

Unknown Speaker  1:50:12  
Oh, yeah, I think it's

Unknown Speaker  1:50:19  
okay. Hey, Travis, do you have objection on that?

Unknown Speaker  1:50:24  
I agree on that. I guess. Personally, I believe there is limited potential for Kellen.

Unknown Speaker  1:50:32  
It's difficult for him to be stackable

Unknown Speaker  1:50:36  
stability and also the negative feedback.

Unknown Speaker  1:50:42  
For Jordan, I think I think I think the point I want to raise is that we're from from his previous PMS. I think all the other feedbacks are positive. And the key is our case right now. Although it's partially billable. So I think well, is there any reason that we tell him that he's doing a ok job, and he's our case, and he still got on to the red flag list.

Unknown Speaker  1:51:14  
I actually do agree with K because we didn't hear anything not very negative on Jordan, though the validity is low. But for Kevin the case feedbacks relatively more to the negative side. So I do you see difference between those two?

Unknown Speaker  1:51:33  
Great, I think, Jordan, from the feedback score, it seems that

Unknown Speaker  1:51:39  
like, it's may need some longer runway, but so far for performance at the tinio is fine. You're still learning. Right? So but Kevin, I heard its potential is very limited. So I think it's different to Georgia, and maybe you can consider powerwatch chocolates, because that's as like 10 months right? Fast Track is tough months.

Unknown Speaker  1:52:06  
And he's already seen. Yeah, yeah, I agree. But I wouldn't recommend that. Let's see if that makes sense. I would recommend let me communicate with Jordan and tell him that he's pretty dangerous you know, regarding his current situation, because previously no one has said any negative feedback to him. Although the case is only within healthcare, but you know, within that group it's it's pretty positive.

Unknown Speaker  1:52:31  
And then I'm actually kind of surprised to see the scores are all threes because you know, people are seeing good was, you know, often so let me do that and see if he cannot get a two or at least a very strong three on the current case and then we can put him on the watch list. How about that?

Unknown Speaker  1:52:51  
can only be taking a look at tourists case on the start date? It is for us? There are some tools? Yes. Yeah. So the only thing for the previous three threes is probably because he's still in investment during that period. So if we look at he joined the firm last August and

Unknown Speaker  1:53:17  
finished

Unknown Speaker  1:53:19  
okay, secondly, this case on being fair in February so that's still within the investment period and that's all that's for the 3d space came came. So the only thing like because because I'm from Calgary and generally feedback within healthcare is pretty good.

Unknown Speaker  1:53:39  
The only surprise is the very latest three natural ways that we can communicate on that one with it.

Unknown Speaker  1:53:48  
Sorry, so for the very latest one actually. On ongoing case I talked to Stella she's saying that she will read review the rating into the case get finished. So for now, it's just a ballpark number.

Unknown Speaker  1:54:04  
So okay, for Jordan, what you described is essentially of which you know, like serious serious warning you need to know like workshops is not an official warning a red flag is and then there's no it's one trial is not necessary. If next time there is no improvement and it can be we can put a red flag directly non physical it's not necessary it goes to what child

Unknown Speaker  1:54:35  
Okay, so what you just proposed in terms of like serious talk about it, etc. Literally in terms of the meaning is already watch out which I agree

Unknown Speaker  1:54:51  
well,

Unknown Speaker  1:54:53  
yeah, as long as the message

Unknown Speaker  1:54:56  
it's okay.

Unknown Speaker  1:54:58  
Yeah, I just

Unknown Speaker  1:55:00  
Excuse me, I just have one question to Michael. If we put Kevin on the red flag, is it?

Unknown Speaker  1:55:07  
I mean,

Unknown Speaker  1:55:10  
does it help Kevin? To be stackable on the other case? Because?

Unknown Speaker  1:55:18  
Yeah, definitely, I think I think it will be a, it will be actually an extra help for him. I think I mean, in terms of us, I think, because so far, it's, it's very, very difficult to stop him. So

Unknown Speaker  1:55:35  
why if we can stop him as a free resource, and we will be much more happy.

Unknown Speaker  1:55:40  
Much more easy to get inside? Yes. Okay. Good to know.

Unknown Speaker  1:55:46  
I understand. Kevin is doing some internal work. Yes, out there. Right. So probably, I guess it would be a difficult situation for him to get staff. So we should consider trying to help him get out.

Unknown Speaker  1:56:02  
Yeah, so I was saying pokey Jordan on watch out and also have a non red flag

Unknown Speaker  1:56:15  
next one.

Unknown Speaker  1:56:19  
Um, so that's all for sa two C promotion discussion. I think we're still missing one from Jackie, as Jackie Beck.

Unknown Speaker  1:56:34  
All right, well, lead that lead. Shall we move back to Sherry?

Unknown Speaker  1:56:40  
Yes, Sherry.

Unknown Speaker  1:56:43  
I got some message from she's okay. So it seems that to the recent that case, what is showing up in the one? So the reason is because it's first it's not a cost case. It's an A China assault case with an overseas PL and some overseas stuff and waste sharing on China site. And then the apparently from what she told me overseas, like, PL and then team was not super, I will say capable. So therefore also make sure a good majority of the many of the work and then more than what was initially accepted and then did very well in terms of the like, supporting the readout with the kayaks. And

Unknown Speaker  1:57:31  
that's why, like, teach home give a caliber calibrated to be in a one. Okay, that's the key, which I think effect

Unknown Speaker  1:57:41  
and this is consistent with my observation that Sherry's cover here she was very independently and she's she dares to challenge to actually up or a client on the High Court and then validate it. So and then this I see this grow as you know, Phil is a you know, in one year two years ago, she's back has competence to speak. But now she's I think she's quite you know, she has the critical thinking and the strong ownership to try things on her own that catches where she's ready for myself.

Unknown Speaker  1:58:21  
I'm for Sherry, you propose the 18th right or you propose 18 I

Unknown Speaker  1:58:33  
think he proposed 18 earlier

Unknown Speaker  1:58:37  
given the braid that one to two based on many because she's home score is inflated, even though the score is still falling into at most range, I guess.

Unknown Speaker  1:58:50  
Okay, yeah, that's make it at 18 Okay. And

Unknown Speaker  1:58:57  
happiness read the other one as we look at it, so you got the reason that

Unknown Speaker  1:59:08  
that's so if we can't

Unknown Speaker  1:59:12  
the other 50% billing from the auto admins to YTD will be 78% of mom's row rolling client will be 46 and cohort will be 31.

Unknown Speaker  1:59:34  
between

Unknown Speaker  1:59:35  
Aboriginal

Unknown Speaker  1:59:39  
is

Unknown Speaker  1:59:41  
totally around the bottom each one. So why to D is definitely not autumn is very high. And a tough month is

Unknown Speaker  1:59:52  
is

Unknown Speaker  1:59:55  
actually about bottom 20

Unknown Speaker  2:00:00  
For as it yes

Unknown Speaker  2:00:02  
for both cohorts off more than what it is about

Unknown Speaker  2:00:18  
as you can see in the bottom bottom 20 availability for SLA is around 20 something right cohort is on to the top one this time six. And now for admins if we're counting those 40% will be 36 and 31.

Unknown Speaker  2:00:38  
So looks like what what the committee thinks about that it's about like 21 that's the case

Unknown Speaker  2:00:49  
I think performance wise she is 21 but the availability I don't think I agree with Kay right so if it's already preset because she got stuff on the the auto case then we should consider should we readjust this into the availability and also accumulated hours poker So then with this consider I think it's 21

Unknown Speaker  2:01:16  
cases

Unknown Speaker  2:01:21  
of abuse

Unknown Speaker  2:01:26  
Okay, okay. Yeah, let's make it 21

Unknown Speaker  2:01:31  
Ah, let's let's do the calibration for CGC

Unknown Speaker  2:01:40  
three for washing

Unknown Speaker  2:01:45  
jerky jerky stop that

Unknown Speaker  2:01:47  
is not that

Unknown Speaker  2:01:49  
I stood up people. Now let's let's do the calibration first. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  2:01:58  
So, Cara John is 21 month anniversary 21 month. Sorry June was 18 dalla will be late let's cycle to discuss phone call the assessment cycle if a 15 month 1015 month Gianna will work for

Unknown Speaker  2:02:20  
winter

Unknown Speaker  2:02:21  
and that's how you will index next cycle

Unknown Speaker  2:02:26  
saw Men's Health Month via Inara Michael and Jordan on what shouts Kevin

Unknown Speaker  2:02:43  
then to further calibrate

Unknown Speaker  2:02:48  
so no objections no further comments on the coverage.

Unknown Speaker  2:02:53  
Take a look. Alright, so let's move to next

Unknown Speaker  2:03:07  
on preliminary promotion

Unknown Speaker  2:03:12  
first one is Ethan. X

Unknown Speaker  2:03:22  
Hi. So you got yourself well rounded as new associate will consistently outperforms

Unknown Speaker  2:03:29  
the Buddha himself with capabilities handling variety of cases on on due diligence strategy, new business bill

Unknown Speaker  2:03:38  
net zero cases. So

Unknown Speaker  2:03:41  
so there's nothing to deflect. So since he's only nine months into senior associate, so I don't think there is a decision needs to be made. Now,

Unknown Speaker  2:03:53  
however, a previous messages stat that he's also drawn these decibel across industry, he has done a couple of long cases with alto with buying Kali. So the hours of different IPA, the fungibility requirement has been fulfilled. So the only requirement now is to get a cue

Unknown Speaker  2:04:15  
from a second IPA.

Unknown Speaker  2:04:19  
So that's where we're at for Ethan Mike.

Unknown Speaker  2:04:25  
So he has score highly across all dimensions. And one breakthrough from the past cycle is that that he was able to drive our client team in netzero. Didn't find it that opportunity negotiation. So that's one thing

Unknown Speaker  2:04:45  
that the PPL T has worked with once to highlight.

Unknown Speaker  2:04:51  
Thank you. What's that? There's not much issue for Ethan. Besides, he's lonely to fulfill SAP

Unknown Speaker  2:05:00  
So to remind him, yes, yes.

Unknown Speaker  2:05:04  
Shall we?

Unknown Speaker  2:05:06  
That's why I said that's a recharge.

Unknown Speaker  2:05:11  
Yes.

Unknown Speaker  2:05:12  
Jiajun is nine months. I say.

Unknown Speaker  2:05:17  
I say from if we look at the number, yeah, there's a bit of trouble.

Unknown Speaker  2:05:23  
So he,

Unknown Speaker  2:05:25  
from the downward feedback, I think she got her two threes in recent cases.

Unknown Speaker  2:05:35  
And also the availability is is not not quite good

Unknown Speaker  2:05:41  
thing, but there's some reason behind. We'll talk later. So from from I think from the data, we'll see some trouble. But if we, if I talk to the ppls, who worked with Jaggi and I think overall the feedback so, positive, so, ppl is recognized charges,

Unknown Speaker  2:06:03  
great attitudes, the positive contribution also his analytics capability is strong ownership etc.

Unknown Speaker  2:06:14  
But the problem solving I think is still yet to be improved as to be ready for the next

Unknown Speaker  2:06:24  
next level.

Unknown Speaker  2:06:27  
So probably we can we can discuss a bit about the first one is about his capability. I know judges and worked with Erica a lot in the recent months on different PD topics probably Erica can can share his or her observation on the call.

Unknown Speaker  2:06:52  
So charging a lot with be on the field, house and hospital

Unknown Speaker  2:06:59  
topic, Ed, especially on the one of the key transformation of also hospital operation optimization, a really strong commitment and ownership to support stability. You know, what are the key levers for hospital improvement?

Unknown Speaker  2:07:21  
I can tell that he is really experts in the fields with good know how with strong analytics to understand our potential client situation for customized approach. So I do see that that

Unknown Speaker  2:07:39  
he's even if he's not stopping a project from the beach process it shows potential

Unknown Speaker  2:07:52  
sounds Erica? Yeah. I think from a credibility right the performance wise is really about

Unknown Speaker  2:08:02  
further improve problem solving, I think for the attitude, the ownership contribution role model that says oh,

Unknown Speaker  2:08:10  
if I look at the folly and quant result is still on track.

Unknown Speaker  2:08:17  
And also I want to discuss a bit about his availability right. So he he didn't really

Unknown Speaker  2:08:26  
get stuffing opportunities. In recent cycle. I heard Mei Hua

Unknown Speaker  2:08:34  
would like to stop him, but but I think he makes the case because of like some House House reasons. And also JD jinggong.

Unknown Speaker  2:08:44  
The PPR would like to stop him, but I think there are some other reasons he he's now been stabbed.

Unknown Speaker  2:08:52  
Probably, Michael, if you can. Shall we also talk about a bit about the stuffing. saying about that?

Unknown Speaker  2:09:02  
Yeah, well, I think he were

Unknown Speaker  2:09:06  
he does have some challenges about being stabbed I think partly

Unknown Speaker  2:09:13  
because he his

Unknown Speaker  2:09:16  
previous case performance.

Unknown Speaker  2:09:21  
I'm not sure I don't think

Unknown Speaker  2:09:24  
health care or ppls will like to sack him again.

Unknown Speaker  2:09:31  
Maybe because he didn't do quite well with with DD Casey

Unknown Speaker  2:09:38  
ADIA

Unknown Speaker  2:09:42  
that case was really, really tough.

Unknown Speaker  2:09:47  
And he himself didn't want to get down to peds again, because he said he had some kind of health issues. So

Unknown Speaker  2:09:58  
yeah, that was real.

Unknown Speaker  2:10:00  
Really no one. One wanting to stop him. So that's, that's that that's his issue. I don't know if

Unknown Speaker  2:10:10  
we want to consider putting him out watch out or a red flag. I mean, given his

Unknown Speaker  2:10:17  
his performance data and and availability challenge.

Unknown Speaker  2:10:23  
Well, yeah. Especially

Unknown Speaker  2:10:26  
on ground. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  2:10:29  
That mounts only has like 300 hours. So I think this is definitely a red flag

Unknown Speaker  2:10:35  
36 I get his late higher. Yeah. Later higher from before.

Unknown Speaker  2:10:43  
Yeah. But if you look at the score sheet, he still has that he has so many projects. So many projects. He was promoted, he was hired as an associate associate. Yeah. Yeah. But he was promoted. But when I say like, so sort of like, I'm wrong. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  2:11:03  
April, heart is still quite solid.

Unknown Speaker  2:11:08  
At the beginning, but

Unknown Speaker  2:11:10  
he was after he was promoted to assay. There was a lot of challenges. I mean, in terms of studying, I wasn't sure whether it was because of that particular DD case. And he sort of like, failed on that case. And so that was, maybe that was why he

Unknown Speaker  2:11:31  
wanted to continue slapping him again, in health care. So which was his, like,

Unknown Speaker  2:11:40  
his home? And after? He also did, he didn't do well in?

Unknown Speaker  2:11:45  
In a consumer case? Right. So so maybe that was also because he wasn't chosen by the genome team. So

Unknown Speaker  2:11:56  
yeah, I actually more topics.

Unknown Speaker  2:12:04  
He's a bit as even as a TSA, I think he should be should open up to various topics, but not limited to what he's familiar with. That's a key message that one should bring in.

Unknown Speaker  2:12:22  
And of course, hearing with that being said, about a

Unknown Speaker  2:12:28  
bit picky about cases, right. So of course, there's also missing opportunities, I

Unknown Speaker  2:12:36  
think, at least our charter or even red flag.

Unknown Speaker  2:12:41  
homegirls are supposed to be like that. So and then I agree with the message.

Unknown Speaker  2:12:49  
Just just mentioned about think that's a red flag.

Unknown Speaker  2:12:53  
Group. If we may, probably we should give a watch on and start a red flag because it's when you talk to PPR is really divided bureau.

Unknown Speaker  2:13:04  
It's only the two cases Why is retail is

Unknown Speaker  2:13:08  
the PPL has left the company.

Unknown Speaker  2:13:11  
And then it's about CTV, right?

Unknown Speaker  2:13:15  
I give also given the tenure or it's just nine months, I think probably we should give a virtual and deliver some strong message but but really, we can look at

Unknown Speaker  2:13:27  
the origins performance in the next cycle. really decide if that's capability issue, or it's just because of the

Unknown Speaker  2:13:38  
specific case stuffing stuff that you shouldn't. Yes, I audio has some issue just now. So you can't hear me he actually worked with me on the audio case. I will say that he didn't really fail the case. But I wouldn't give him too meaning because he was not that motivated. So like if you give him if you gave him a task, you can finish it. Well, but his his the one that you have to push him to move forward. I don't think that's worth too for an essay level.

Unknown Speaker  2:14:14  
Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  2:14:16  
But last, and they're like February. So it's happened that from from February the second to hear if it's a low availability, picking stuff traditionally, would you would you be willing to stop him? Again?

Unknown Speaker  2:14:31  
It's not a tuition. I know. I know. What I'm saying is that I mean, Tom from like, health care perspective. What do you guys want to stop him again? Because I mean, we really had a hard time finding him a case. I mean, even though like yeah,

Unknown Speaker  2:14:49  
it'd be different. If I had option, I will definitely be willing to use the better option, but like, if not, I think he's the one that

Unknown Speaker  2:15:00  
He can't handle the tasks if you assign the task to him clearly.

Unknown Speaker  2:15:06  
I think we should give him a heads up to not be picky

Unknown Speaker  2:15:11  
about making service. The last case ended February the second and after that, I think a lot of healthcare cases starts right after that. But is it the healthcare PBL doesn't want to choose him or he doesn't want to be on any of them? I

Unknown Speaker  2:15:26  
don't I don't really think he's an healthcare background though before even for the audio because I thought he was new for

Unknown Speaker  2:15:36  
a lot of

Unknown Speaker  2:15:39  
use cases as well. Right. So yeah.

Unknown Speaker  2:15:45  
It's just picky.

Unknown Speaker  2:15:48  
So he he says what he's between CG and healthcare and T on the project. This is one thing that we shouldn't give up too

Unknown Speaker  2:15:59  
picky then given the message, either website or watch out to let him know that I think we're talking about when they watch watch out or red flag.

Unknown Speaker  2:16:08  
Because if he has only 300 hours, he cannot make it. Yeah, was nine months, three hours. 300 something I will still say.

Unknown Speaker  2:16:19  
Yeah, and also calibrate with Kevin, if you remember earlier 10 months was much more hours and similarly to cases slightly negative feedback, but no attitude issue that I guess. I guess this is their Aflac, that.

Unknown Speaker  2:16:38  
Kelis buildability Oh, that's the case capabilities for the YTD buildability

Unknown Speaker  2:16:49  
as many because he's still in the investment period, right? For the client mobility.

Unknown Speaker  2:16:56  
But that's a different story for homeground. And we rarely see him grow as a well, I have to say he has his letter of hiring a but actually promoted. We rarely see someone like that would have such low boba tea and hard to stop. If he could.

Unknown Speaker  2:17:19  
Yeah, the red flag.

Unknown Speaker  2:17:23  
Let's move on. Alright, let's move on to the next one. Lawrence, Chung China's

Unknown Speaker  2:17:32  
travelers it's not

Unknown Speaker  2:17:34  
okay.

Unknown Speaker  2:17:37  
to Kansas, show your child.

Unknown Speaker  2:17:41  
Yeah. So, Candace was recently just finishing a case and also got staff on another one. The recent case was from

Unknown Speaker  2:17:52  
a retired attorney office and was on a ESG project to help a leading semonkong or TMC companies to develop

Unknown Speaker  2:18:03  
the

Unknown Speaker  2:18:05  
ESG strategy on not only how to reduce carbon emissions from themselves, but also from their suppliers were a lot of them are actually quite difficult. There was no previous

Unknown Speaker  2:18:16  
experience. So a lot of it has to be developed people from the methodology from the very, very bottom up way. In addition, also during the process, there's complex time management and also planning stakeholder navigation and, essentially Kennison in that case, I think he's, he's done majority of the work and also use overseeing at least one Junior ace on that case. So as you can see that majority of the sub scores are very high in the ballpark. And also for that case, which started from last November till this tool to this April was, it was a high one. So for candidates, I think, given that very strong visibility and also

Unknown Speaker  2:19:03  
very good performance from the case. pm and also the MVP. We can probably put her into consideration for 12 months for now

Unknown Speaker  2:19:17  
think Lauren's looks very promising with the trajectory and also very, very high.

Unknown Speaker  2:19:25  
Actually, Candice, the only thing is

Unknown Speaker  2:19:32  
that score is a little bit inflated. So hopefully, for next I call the calibration result will be better so that she won't be affected.

Unknown Speaker  2:19:42  
Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  2:19:45  
We agree. Moving to next one, Kimi chill, Charlie.

Unknown Speaker  2:19:52  
Yeah, so kitties nine months in as everyone else. I think she's demonstrating good progress with

Unknown Speaker  2:20:00  
Then, within her cases will be scores that are consistent twos. I don't think,

Unknown Speaker  2:20:06  
you know, certainly not a 12 month counter, essentially 15, probably somewhere between 18 months depending on what she can do in the coming cycle.

Unknown Speaker  2:20:16  
She's got strengths in communication presents, particularly around oral communication, client interactions and psi, teaming.

Unknown Speaker  2:20:29  
FTS, definitely around practicality and effectiveness just needs to improve the speed to output.

Unknown Speaker  2:20:37  
I don't think any, any concerns at this stage, the only thing is just making sure that she continues to get stopped, she is very proactive in, in reaching out trying to find stopping opportunities, obviously, at the moment is more difficult. And I think her attitude is exactly right. In terms of, you know, she will do whatever she's asked to do, whether it be on BDS or all the cases. So, um, you know, good, good person to have on the team, but I don't think any decision needing to be made right now.

Unknown Speaker  2:21:12  
Yeah, to our she thinks she's, yes, she is, indeed very proactive. But I think she's mainly interested in Cross office opportunities, like Southeast Asia or, or, or even me. But the issue is that we don't, we don't have that many costs opportunities this year. So in Hong Kong, currently is relatively slow. So I guess we can encourage her to consider, like, mainland opportunities as well. Although, I mean, it's still difficult to probably to get her sapling onto mainland cases. But maybe you she can be a little bit more applicable in terms of that. Yeah. Yeah, I think it is. She's only been looking for Southeast Asia and Middle East opportunities, because those were the opportunities historically. But I think she's also open to going to mainland to get stopped. Let me speak sorry about that, Michael. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  2:22:12  
All right.

Unknown Speaker  2:22:14  
HRT. So we move to next one tracing Chicka.

Unknown Speaker  2:22:21  
Yeah, so fizzy is obviously a very good performer receiving consistently good feedback from Mr. Case. More importantly, a check with the PL and that she is not just good at doing his her own work, but also being able now to you know, interacted directly with

Unknown Speaker  2:22:45  
with the client because the PR also sometimes have to pass on VDS. Therefore, a lot of client action is now on Tracy.

Unknown Speaker  2:22:55  
Because Tracy

Unknown Speaker  2:22:58  
will go to P school. One thing I didn't notice, because I saw that her TMT case was in her Ateneo been out sorry, was increased. Her ascertainable up to now that she didn't finish completed this. SCP right, if I see

Unknown Speaker  2:23:17  
on your mark on the PowerPoint.

Unknown Speaker  2:23:24  
Yes. But the tricky thing is that after she comes back from the school, she will be automatically consultant, right.

Unknown Speaker  2:23:33  
Yeah, true. So I don't think there's much to worry for.

Unknown Speaker  2:23:39  
Okay.

Unknown Speaker  2:23:42  
Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  2:23:44  
Thanks. Oh, shall we move to the next one? Let's see 110.

Unknown Speaker  2:23:56  
Yes, sorry, I muted Vinci, I think Vincy

Unknown Speaker  2:24:02  
performance is quite stable in the past cycles. And if you look at the score, she goes straight. Three twos, actually, I checked the with the RPL. These tools are very strong tools, very well rounded consulting skills, very efficient, problem solving is strong. And also great ownership or cases actually see her as a very strong candidate for consultant Actually, she's already doing consultants roll on cases and even having associates under her.

Unknown Speaker  2:24:36  
So I think overall, definitely a strong candidate.

Unknown Speaker  2:24:40  
On the believability is fine, right. A little bit low. I will anyway, but I don't think she has any fungibility or stability issue at all. She was a homegrown associate and promoted to sa at 12 and 24 months on areas for development is more about

Unknown Speaker  2:25:00  
I think improve presence in front of senior people and be more productive in discussions she definitely have good view but just the news to be more in COURAGING for outspoken, we don't need to resign now, but we will see next cycle and whether she fits worked for 12 or 15. That's all.

Unknown Speaker  2:25:22  
I mean, the site is on track. Strong essay. Moving to next one, you own you remote.

Unknown Speaker  2:25:38  
grimentz not with us for now. So many moving to next stage

Unknown Speaker  2:25:52  
while more, y'all

Unknown Speaker  2:25:56  
Hi, everyone. So more high as a reminder, right. So he was industry higher that we got an A, so he had a bit of a bumpy road as a right to time to adapt, but we see actually turn around quite a while and got relatively positive feedback as right, as you can see from from, from his recent, you know, scoring he basically get consistent too. So he worked mainly in the hair scalp practice, and, and essentially quite got good traction with with a current PA, right, readability raises is also close to average. I think, you know, his strengths, essentially, is driven by the power that is very much motivated and show a lot of ownership. Right, in this module. I think one of the area for development that we've heard is, you know, as it grows into the roles, right, and, you know, start to take more mature things, I think, you know, it will be useful to, to simplify messages and think more about storytelling. Right. I think overall, I think, you know, we see, I wouldn't I would see basically it's, it's good, no turn around compared to our two previous situation, right, and start who to get to get himself on. On the on the right track, I think, you know, scoring is also in the middle of, you know, on track as a average.

Unknown Speaker  2:27:27  
Now, so performance wise, that's

Unknown Speaker  2:27:31  
less on track. But from an HRV, we would like to be some more information on who had we actually receive few feedbacks from our collaborative hotels, saying that we'll have been filing a lot of complaints to our hotels, as for several employees, three hotels,

Unknown Speaker  2:27:57  
in three months,

Unknown Speaker  2:27:59  
was worse,

Unknown Speaker  2:28:02  
with worse, relatively extreme, and sometimes not asking a solution, but just to come play and express the,

Unknown Speaker  2:28:13  
I guess the anger within sight that extreme way. And we want to bring those to the discussion to see if that really aligned with our value. And also, would that be a hinder to BCG image, I'll sign up

Unknown Speaker  2:28:30  
in a business trip scenario, and also a side of this

Unknown Speaker  2:28:36  
hotel complaints we asked we also received similar

Unknown Speaker  2:28:41  
complaint for YCP vendors from why

Unknown Speaker  2:28:45  
very similar situation that it used extreme words extreme describes extreme situation far as personal behavior. So we wondering if that's really a good way to sell things worse. So some of the issues he encountered in obesity is not such true.

Unknown Speaker  2:29:10  
Yeah, I think that's, that's also, you know, I've received as a seed advisor, right, I've received some anonymous sources are

Unknown Speaker  2:29:20  
not anonymous to me, but I know our complaint, right from people who interacted with that reflect some I would say, of BCG value concerns, right, in terms of

Unknown Speaker  2:29:33  
you know, essentially being respectful to the team or

Unknown Speaker  2:29:38  
basically like, you know, using the right tone, right. An attitude toward our team members both in the city and and plastic bottle. That's that's a fair concern that's been raised.

Unknown Speaker  2:29:54  
Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  2:29:56  
We should be mindful, right. So the power of

Unknown Speaker  2:30:00  
Social media, if these kinds of things get exposed to in the social media and, you know, spread out, and we will be under even sometimes a PR crisis.

Unknown Speaker  2:30:11  
So, I mean, until then we should fix that before, you know, exactly, this is why we're bringing this up.

Unknown Speaker  2:30:21  
Even though this may not be related to foreigners, however, our employees also representative PETG, grand city value, all sides of the case.

Unknown Speaker  2:30:35  
So sometimes it's okay to you know, to file a valid complaint, but it seems that the medical staff from the hotel chain was was quite bizarre.

Unknown Speaker  2:30:49  
So, basically, you know, he may encounter some opportunities to miss the individual trick that he complained that the vendor for minimal having received this is really bad things happen.

Unknown Speaker  2:31:06  
But man, I know what was the hit post something on social media and

Unknown Speaker  2:31:12  
is got some

Unknown Speaker  2:31:15  
because the boys was

Unknown Speaker  2:31:18  
was a bit like buffaloes?

Unknown Speaker  2:31:22  
What was the situation? Is that because of travel policy change or some unfair treatment from from the hotels?

Unknown Speaker  2:31:31  
What was joy tuition, you know, he didn't post any social media message I was concerned was not about his company. So hotel staff will say, Hey, look at those PCG

Unknown Speaker  2:31:45  
job, and he will not respect your work staff, those kinds of things. Normally, the hotels actually there COVID, a team will be very accommodating there. They're the they're the service team. But they come to us several times, you know, saying that we're not taking

Unknown Speaker  2:32:04  
on hotels must be pretty extreme. It's,

Unknown Speaker  2:32:08  
we should show basic with respect to people in the service.

Unknown Speaker  2:32:21  
Sorry, if that's the case, that's a really case that this seems like the notorious Chanel bag case. So I would really suggest we put him or her on the watch. list now even red flag to be honest.

Unknown Speaker  2:32:35  
Yeah, I think because I'm on the Shire advisory board. He's also on the advisory board. And it's quite weird that the first time we had a meeting, he spent like 30 minutes trying to give us suggestions of how to add more Coca Cola and more different types of drinks. And not maybe the Navy wants to have global package pay. I mean, like he raised a lot of questions that has nothing to do with advisory board. And apparently, there's not everything that we can address. So I didn't know that he has so many complaints on hotel, but it seems like he is a little bit

Unknown Speaker  2:33:14  
public. Yes. We should give him a message saying that we cannot address every leaves from you. So now,

Unknown Speaker  2:33:23  
the BCG reputation and also the BCG value, basically. Yeah. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  2:33:33  
Yeah. Yeah, I think it looks like you know, like, it's what I'm hearing from the committee. It looks like it's not a one off incident. Right. So if it's a one of things maybe like, it's basically like,

Unknown Speaker  2:33:46  
something that can be passed away. Right. It seems like here it's quite systematic, right at multiple occasion is internally right with committee always are seeking and BSD staff works together with hotel. There is a bit of like BCG value.

Unknown Speaker  2:34:02  
issues, right. And it's which are not maybe directly related to the performance. We even though it's part of it, but seems to be quite systematic. So just wondering from a CG point of view, if we had this type of past experience and what's the best way forward.

Unknown Speaker  2:34:21  
But I tend to agree with Rena, I think and I get it if it's if it's if it's a case of BCG value, right. It's, it's maybe like an almost like an HR discussion. Right. So how do we deal with this type of situation?

Unknown Speaker  2:34:38  
We have seen some churn or even some junior staff, starting to show them some figures like this, even though it's not directly related to the performance.

Unknown Speaker  2:34:50  
Reminder that such behavior actually, if I fire up

Unknown Speaker  2:34:56  
especially for such

Unknown Speaker  2:34:59  
a senior

Unknown Speaker  2:35:00  
Actually,

Unknown Speaker  2:35:02  
many people face it. So I think it should work

Unknown Speaker  2:35:12  
I guess we're proposing

Unknown Speaker  2:35:15  
a red flag for such. Yeah. Good. Luck want to hear? What is the committee think on that. So views refer to or watch or at least or watch out. So we are seeing red, red red flag right now. So it would serve you different views.

Unknown Speaker  2:35:34  
I didn't have you guys's input. Before I just observe a little bit, I was a little bit confused about his behavior. But now I have a bigger picture of, of this guy. So I think it's the same because it's a systematic behavior. If we really want to change, maybe I will, I would probably prefer a more formal

Unknown Speaker  2:35:54  
message. Watch how it is.

Unknown Speaker  2:36:00  
Now the official one, they watch out to the official one store only one, which is

Unknown Speaker  2:36:08  
usually for red flag. And for more for this case, if we say about flat, then how can we improve by next three months? If there's no fight in the hotel, and you're all the red flags, so you need to kind of improve an attitude and about Okay.

Unknown Speaker  2:36:28  
Fine, right. Are they

Unknown Speaker  2:36:32  
PCG is evaluating the whole package, right? In the past that they think we only evaluate the case proponent with the sports official sports, so people don't work hard on business development. Now we let them know No, it's not the case we evaluate. Both hate them.

Unknown Speaker  2:36:51  
Right. And then they think they can do whatever they want outside of the Peace Corps, which is not the truth, we represent this.

Unknown Speaker  2:37:01  
Message.

Unknown Speaker  2:37:03  
I think I'm very supportive to that. And I think, you know, it's more fundamental right. So if Imagine if everyone behaved like that, right, and that would actually be eroding, actually quite a lot of, of the internal culture, but also like our value proposition to, to the future higher, right. I think, you know, that's, I mean, the impact, it's not about just that specific incident and that specific hotel that doesn't like BCG anymore, I think it's it, it's, it's, it's a wider impact, right, and whether we should where we draw the red line, so I'm supportive to the to the formal decision, to the formal warning.

Unknown Speaker  2:37:41  
So that's what I'll refer back and to be fair, and very clear, your whole he is not that bizarre or not with that much attitude to our internal team, mostly to external, our vendors. And internally, only the things were mentioned that he is quite demanding on things.

Unknown Speaker  2:38:05  
That is not a trend that we want to see. So just to be clear, in case that he is arguing with us, I'm not listening to any of our internal stuff.

Unknown Speaker  2:38:16  
Okay, that's very clear. So I communicate the message that, you know, performance is going wild. Right, but actually, like, we've heard concern about BCG values, and you're like, that's, that's, that's something that we have relatively little tolerance about. And then going forward for him. I think, you know, I'm not sure the way he we should review it, but I think you know, we should communicate that message that you know, we should see significant improvement right.

Unknown Speaker  2:38:45  
All right.

Unknown Speaker  2:38:47  
So, just one quick question. So when we talk about his attitude towards external vendor, just wondering where the information sources we we heard about that. We heard that from the hotel group,

Unknown Speaker  2:39:02  
Hotel Group, so the hotel directly talk with us complaining this

Unknown Speaker  2:39:08  
associate,

Unknown Speaker  2:39:09  
they give us feedback so three different hotels get feedback on similar things and draw attention to us so there's the one we're associated with, talk about we were also surprised to get feedback from hotel chain that was normally very accommodating and now saying that sorry, we

Unknown Speaker  2:39:31  
are asking our

Unknown Speaker  2:39:34  
okay to our travel team, right.

Unknown Speaker  2:39:37  
Or to at least for now, function employees issue.

Unknown Speaker  2:39:43  
Sorry, your voice a bit too far away. So I mean, the complaint is to our travel team, right. And we an ADC as ADC, we get information from travel team right.

Unknown Speaker  2:39:55  
Now that can play directly blasts

Unknown Speaker  2:39:58  
who come

Unknown Speaker  2:40:00  
directly to ADC.

Unknown Speaker  2:40:04  
Okay, got it?

Unknown Speaker  2:40:11  
All right. Shall we move to the next one? Yeah, can Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  2:40:16  
Okay, can hands to is the associate that I spend the most time for this review cycle. So first of all, in terms of a preliminary promotion assessment for

Unknown Speaker  2:40:31  
for promotion, I think she's not there yet.

Unknown Speaker  2:40:34  
And also got very

Unknown Speaker  2:40:37  
good.

Unknown Speaker  2:40:39  
I will say a little bit mixed feedback. Let's first talk about the DD case.

Unknown Speaker  2:40:46  
She worked on Georgia case and also, Johan is also then dp.

Unknown Speaker  2:40:52  
So I guess first of all,

Unknown Speaker  2:40:54  
Kantian style, she liked the work life balance, she'd love to shoot she she, you know, like really walk into and 12 o'clock. But before that the case, I think for her, the work can always be longer.

Unknown Speaker  2:41:09  
But and also in terms of the content is but the new and challenge to her. But the more important thing is her attitude toward it, right? So, the way she talked to the PL, she says something like,

Unknown Speaker  2:41:24  
Okay, this is something that I can do, okay, if you're asking me to do that, you should aware expect that a you had our hand it over to you maybe one week later, and then you have to work you yourself the PL have to rework or, you know, on, let's say, to be more hands on that. And also seems like,

Unknown Speaker  2:41:44  
oh, this pipe sector is really tough and long working hour. And the you should not work here in the pipe set in the pack. I think that's something really, really weird and rare to hear from an associate. And it's just very, very defensive. Some of the conversation with the PR directly or even with being within a team discussion.

Unknown Speaker  2:42:08  
And so that's the feedback on the pipe case. And also, right after the pipe case, she worked on one day

Unknown Speaker  2:42:17  
BD for another pipe appeal, Kevin also talked to him. So it seems like Tintin cannot understand what she needs to do. And after just one day, or let's say the half day never gave up on her and then find another candidate to support

Unknown Speaker  2:42:35  
and after that

Unknown Speaker  2:42:38  
she move on to my case.

Unknown Speaker  2:42:41  
To be fair, I think in terms of the deliveries in terms of the client communication, I think she's okay but also I noticed that she is very

Unknown Speaker  2:42:53  
defensive.

Unknown Speaker  2:42:54  
In in her discussion with the PL also sometimes when we have a team discussion she just said okay, I don't understand what you're talking about. You might you might be need to be more specific lay down lay out where you're talking.

Unknown Speaker  2:43:12  
I feel like

Unknown Speaker  2:43:13  
she needs more respect and show more respect to the PL and the you don't need to you know crash the TLS credibility in front of your team you can hold it as a private conversation now you can do a much better way

Unknown Speaker  2:43:28  
so in that

Unknown Speaker  2:43:30  
therefore also you know talk with stablish status sheet again because Steffi is the pier in Divi who spends most of time with TNT and

Unknown Speaker  2:43:44  
reflecting on all

Unknown Speaker  2:43:47  
a career Dominique has

Unknown Speaker  2:43:50  
our certainty as a bit spoiled and she thinks that she was a good consultant were stopped and everybody wants to have but in reality it is not at the end of the day there's a conversation regarding whether TV would like to you know, after the you know, the second program continue to keep her in TV and the decision that was made by Steffi and

Unknown Speaker  2:44:18  
showing is that

Unknown Speaker  2:44:21  
we don't really you know,

Unknown Speaker  2:44:23  
see a strong need to keep her and also because of the long long term DVK I will say for core consulting skills are not there

Unknown Speaker  2:44:34  
I talked to the PL she walked with being a Saudi Arabian and their their feedback was also the same even though the score is two right so you can see that that oversee case

Unknown Speaker  2:44:48  
so her calling so I think we in terms of

Unknown Speaker  2:44:52  
break down the issues into a Missy

Unknown Speaker  2:44:56  
dimensions and also drive trying to drive things as rather than just put

Unknown Speaker  2:45:00  
Take those tracks together. She's not there yet. And also surprisingly, the PR tells me that she's she had to spend a she'll have to ask one consultant just to fix her Grammatik issues, right, because

Unknown Speaker  2:45:17  
now, because Tinder has oversea, I think she has a Bachelor degree from the US, if I remember correctly, but that's that's also quite surprising to me. So I think overall, the message to her is that she mustn't use a good good stop performer, but now she's not there yet. And there's a lot of things to improve one from the core consulting skills, the MECE thinking that the pyramid thinking, the insights, the problem solving, and also, the honest things is to really, to show some respect to the PL.

Unknown Speaker  2:45:54  
I think that's that's, that's the key. Marcia wants to refer to her.

Unknown Speaker  2:45:58  
Yeah, I would like to. So basically, I work. I mean, I was supervising the kid in the middle of the adventures. Right. And I think, to be honest, I, you know, we we thought about stuffing her as I say, right, and as you know, what I can in, in, in the project essays are really is a relatively important role. right within within actually the team. Right. That's popular. And I mean, we were

Unknown Speaker  2:46:24  
it's the first time actually, to be honest, we wrote off our senior associate on the case. Right, in the sense of eigener, who has tenure at BCG? So are we actually surprised by the gap of, of our consulting skills? Right on that side? And obviously I you know, sometimes I diligence on that easy because it's different industries I stand. But you know, like, basically consulting skills are the same as the strategy case. And I think, no, that's, that's a point that surprises a lot, right? I've never had a situation where actually, I actually had to write off an essay, especially during a diligence phase where the time is short. So the trade off is to get someone else right with, with maybe less tenure, and ramping up again, on the project. So that's, I think that's, that's the first one. Right. Second point, I think, I totally reflect on the attitude issue. I think that's, that's, that's also to be honest, very, very

Unknown Speaker  2:47:19  
rare at BCG, right. And it's, it's, it's, I think, you know, it's, I mean, the thing is, I can, it's not just about accepting long hours, it's not just the strength as a single person with the team and just say, Oh, this is it, right? You take it or leave it, right. So there is actually I think, a big attitude issue, right? On how you basically

Unknown Speaker  2:47:42  
can integrate into a team and maybe right now, if you have personal commitment, you can come in game and try to manage but you know, like, just being a solo players when the team is taking the hit if you basically get out. I think that's that's a bit of an attitude issue. Right. Our team placings? Sir thing is, you know, I was actually astonished that, you know, when we roll it off, right, she also came to, to the PL and, and directly told him, Hey, you know, like, you might not be happy with my performance, but, you know, please make sure I get a decent score, right, you cannot put me a non decent score. Right. So it's also like, the way the attitude of, you know, like, a feeling and title of, of performance recommendation on the data. It's something to be honest, that I've rarely seen in my in my BCG career, right. Since joining 10 years ago, it's something else I want to flag.

Unknown Speaker  2:48:41  
Okay, so you propose to that I hear two issues. So why is it's the lack of self awareness and then capability skill set is the is okay. It's not that strong, but like, there isn't a gap from which what she will he or she, she she believes

Unknown Speaker  2:49:02  
Okay, and the other one is activation. So what would you propose

Unknown Speaker  2:49:08  
in terms of the sample saying

Unknown Speaker  2:49:13  
Watch out

Unknown Speaker  2:49:17  
or a yeah, if you want to go a bit further than then we can go into red flags.

Unknown Speaker  2:49:28  
So so for the Attitude issue.

Unknown Speaker  2:49:35  
What what actually helped?

Unknown Speaker  2:49:39  
Yeah, watch Oh.

Unknown Speaker  2:49:44  
Yeah, that was a question. So watch out, help with that attitude issue. If not, then she might need a red flag.

Unknown Speaker  2:50:00  
I think she's aware of this. If not, I think maybe it's better to be here for official wording, rather than, you know, just the word child to be careful. I think she's already on another extreme not realizing.

Unknown Speaker  2:50:19  
So they're like, choose three in the normal those

Unknown Speaker  2:50:24  
two products, I think

Unknown Speaker  2:50:27  
we need to give our official warning because the issue though is worried.

Unknown Speaker  2:50:37  
Then another one, I changed back again for my own personality or learnings

Unknown Speaker  2:50:45  
of the show

Unknown Speaker  2:50:47  
will definitely give her a strong message in the policy discussion. When but when you say the official warning, do you think there's something coming from an HR letter?

Unknown Speaker  2:50:59  
Um, well, you could call it an HR letter, but is an email saying that you are officially on red flag? Which is a warrant official performance warning?

Unknown Speaker  2:51:13  
Me? Wouldn't that be a bit tough?

Unknown Speaker  2:51:16  
I think a lot of times where it's like, full of self awareness stuff, right PL a lot.

Unknown Speaker  2:51:28  
I think for for the self awareness a lot of times, BMO, even if PL doesn't feel very comfortable when she says you should give me clear guidance, and you should you should know what you're doing. But I think PL for for a lot of times we're giving downward feedback and probably won't be that the right say you need to really correct your position and also self awareness. So I think a message from the from the from the ADC or from from the CD advisor will probably be enough, right? It's probably gonna be tough for a red flag at this stage.

Unknown Speaker  2:52:06  
Right? Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  2:52:08  
I think for some something the PR might not be appropriate, or might not be very well to communicate that but some of the ADC, I think with her major problem is lack of, like, the wide perception of herself. So now I think a What shall we call it? Yeah. Well, yeah, well, well, I just cannot imagine that they say that a AOC on a team telling the PL that hey, if you let me do this, you're gonna receive something really bad and you need to fix it yourself. Is that something that we should tolerant?

Unknown Speaker  2:52:46  
Okay, steam?

Unknown Speaker  2:52:49  
Strong message on one count, right. If there's still no progress, then. That's right.

Unknown Speaker  2:52:57  
I mean, I mean, if we see a OC on the team saying this to the PL, she, she or she obviously know, the consequence, right.

Unknown Speaker  2:53:08  
For

Unknown Speaker  2:53:13  
I think he observed some fear, you know, score, tweeting, or even, you know, something like a threatening appeal to give a good score to the SAP is quite, quite a serious behavior issue. Right.

Unknown Speaker  2:53:27  
I agree. Be honest, it's quite exceptional, right. So it's, it's, I don't know, what's the right word. But it's, it's, I would even say it's, it's almost like a behavior by team play issue.

Unknown Speaker  2:53:44  
Outside of performance, I saw a natural order situation or treated.

Unknown Speaker  2:53:52  
That shouldn't be your workflow. Should it? Why it shouldn't be a red flag?

Unknown Speaker  2:54:00  
Well, it's this different communication styles with different people. So some people are just very outspoken and

Unknown Speaker  2:54:07  
Well, right now, it's like, and also I don't think there's, is there any previous communication or withdrawal wording from the PL tutor?

Unknown Speaker  2:54:17  
Oh, that's, if there's no stronger English, you probably think, oh, it's probably just the way it works.

Unknown Speaker  2:54:23  
And also, I've heard a lot of times while the downward communication can be very tough, and there's no red flag or on that, right.

Unknown Speaker  2:54:35  
When we decide this, we should look at the behaviors and the nature of the issue and decide whether it's serious enough to be a red flag. We do we should give a red flag now because of the downward is a two and because it was a nice PR. So it's another issue to resolve. Right? It's a consistent issue. We do observe some inconsistency in terms of

Unknown Speaker  2:55:00  
Given our scores, and also what we've heard from ADCs, because later when we discuss some specific associated issues, we'll even see that appear

Unknown Speaker  2:55:11  
to be, you know, a grade of a thing, the truth about the Athan team, because some of some of the Athan, Peter,

Unknown Speaker  2:55:18  
you know, they're don't demand money, or they may blackmail some of in some of the cases making the case, because they're not afraid of patent issues. So what cultural work promotion here, if ABC returned the truth on the meeting, we should do the right thing. But to

Unknown Speaker  2:55:38  
resolve the consistent issue, we need to tell them, you know, the truth is good. We heard our ABC, you know, you have this issues, not because of the life PR they're not there to get the best scores, and we're not doing the right thing.

Unknown Speaker  2:55:54  
Yeah, I'm supportive of neddie. I think that's, that's a that's a very valid point. And that's basically the message that we're sending, right, the culture that we're promoting, are we actually building a culture of, like, blackmailing each other and say, hey, you know, I'm going to say that to another good PR and ruin your reputation, if there is no, like, no good, you know, protection toward my score. That's not what we want to encourage.

Unknown Speaker  2:56:19  
You, I'm supportive as well.

Unknown Speaker  2:56:25  
All right. So I'm hearing that we are putting 10 red flag.

Unknown Speaker  2:56:33  
All right, let's move on to the next one multiple wall is.

Unknown Speaker  2:56:40  
Hello, okay. Hear me?

Unknown Speaker  2:56:42  
I think,

Unknown Speaker  2:56:44  
luckily, we have a positive case case now. So after you're never negative case, in general, Monica is performing over consistently. So she's doing well, if we look at all the numbers, I think it's much above average. So bendability is good. And average score is, is okay. Overall, I worked with Monica together to I assume she's a very detail oriented person, and she's a friend, you can always expect the reliable quality in terms of deliverable from her

Unknown Speaker  2:57:17  
look at the number of a cohort, she's also very consistent getting two or once. So I think she has a very typical,

Unknown Speaker  2:57:26  
like BCG, homegrown, very solid consulting skill and detail oriented, this kind of personality. And in terms of gap, I think that's also very clear that she is a little bit of quiet in terms of communication, both internal and externally. So when I lead her and talk to other peers to we try to encourage it to be more aggressive, speak out, speak loud, and don't be afraid of challenge. Others kind of see, I think she is improving. But still, I think a little bit kept to my expectation, of course, is based on personality and nature of character. So she still needs time to improve there. But overall, I think it's a very positive

Unknown Speaker  2:58:14  
profile. Definitely, I think she's beyond the BCG average quality versus stuffable, but also not the top one. So from this kind of observation, I will say she is a in my point of view she's a 12 Putting 12 and 15 my profile and we can tabulate decide now our next cycle Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  2:58:39  
That's

Unknown Speaker  2:58:41  
a very promising essay as well as Mucinex one oh ye because

Unknown Speaker  2:58:53  
Nicholas, yes. Oh, Yun continuously did a very good job at the latest

Unknown Speaker  2:59:02  
codecs. So, he she finished the case on G and recently she also worked with the TMT on dividends case, I talked to the PL the PL gave her very high recognition and they actually the PL wanted to give her rating Well, for the calibration capacitor was calibrated to true and he not only excelled across all those, I mean dimensions including the problem solving, climate interaction and, and star ratings. She also is a very interesting, I mean

Unknown Speaker  2:59:42  
a lady with very strong characteristics. So the team is really enjoyed to work with her. So I think he is really on the right track as a senior associate. So she's the

Unknown Speaker  3:00:00  
A 710 seven month tenure at a sa so I assume that she she she is credit. okay for now

Unknown Speaker  3:00:10  
just to remind her that the SP hasn't been finished, so we're encouraged to finish that as early as possible. To finish what Sorry, sorry, SCP SCP fungibility. Okay, okay. Okay. She, I think that she, she finished. She is now on Lulu lemma. Okay. Okay, that will help. Yes, yes, yes. Yes. Yeah. And also, hopefully that too, I know is already being calibrated. But hopefully, we can get you can further calibrate so that ye is not affected during the promotional window.

Unknown Speaker  3:00:51  
Let's

Unknown Speaker  3:00:53  
go. I mean, this a calibration you that will be confirmed about you turn right. It's already confirmed, but you chose overall very high in the calibration score. So if he continued to be that high. Okay. So there's a potential to be further calibrated from one to three.

Unknown Speaker  3:01:13  
Now for the Cobra corroborated by further influence, because we are actually counting those. I get it. I get it. Okay. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  3:01:23  
All right. Next one is she pay? Just

Unknown Speaker  3:01:28  
know

Unknown Speaker  3:01:31  
that he actually did quite well. She was like the imaging for a long time. And

Unknown Speaker  3:01:40  
the feedback is, is good. So she was strong about it. I think this time,

Unknown Speaker  3:01:48  
considering ko a very high credibility and also good feedback. She deserves a preliminary to a 12 months promotion due to the last time that we reimbursement issue. So should we be late one psychotic

Unknown Speaker  3:02:07  
breakdown? I don't know.

Unknown Speaker  3:02:12  
Yet, whether that's the last year?

Unknown Speaker  3:02:16  
Yeah. I don't know if because last year, she has no promotion. I think it was delayed or promotion me to SA.

Unknown Speaker  3:02:25  
That's the case then. Then we

Unknown Speaker  3:02:29  
might not response.

Unknown Speaker  3:02:32  
Otherwise, she's a good case.

Unknown Speaker  3:02:36  
But we don't need to compare. She's only eight months. So we need to control now.

Unknown Speaker  3:02:41  
I'm good track.

Unknown Speaker  3:02:44  
Thank you.

Unknown Speaker  3:02:46  
Last one to draw. Yeah. Sure. So trillion is quite a strong performer.

Unknown Speaker  3:02:53  
Quite well balanced. Strong analytics. Also

Unknown Speaker  3:02:59  
have a good interaction with the client.

Unknown Speaker  3:03:03  
See, the score is very high for him at this tenure. But he's I think he's going to MBA from July. So for two years, so I guess he's a promotion discussion will now happen until his back.

Unknown Speaker  3:03:17  
That's what Julia.

Unknown Speaker  3:03:21  
Thank you. I mean,

Unknown Speaker  3:03:23  
they're one and then we need to be genuine crystal. Jael, we are also

Unknown Speaker  3:03:30  
and I think seeing it as

Unknown Speaker  3:03:34  
strong performance.

Unknown Speaker  3:03:39  
quite consistent performers

Unknown Speaker  3:03:45  
handle the work

Unknown Speaker  3:03:48  
to show insights

Unknown Speaker  3:03:50  
in the past and talk about should be more appealing Lisa, the interaction that the Secretary

Unknown Speaker  3:03:59  
found that overall, I checked it per day trust me actually was our project all the time, but partially complete the

Unknown Speaker  3:04:11  
global funding so the availability is lower others though issue. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  3:04:19  
Thanks.

Unknown Speaker  3:04:21  
That was a clear one as well.

Unknown Speaker  3:04:24  
Shall we move to next one, burn them?

Unknown Speaker  3:04:28  
Definitely. Right. So Brian Stewart quite well into sa Kenya. So, a couple of tools on the tourism projects, one is majority. And then another one is Why is K so like different practices different PL are both positive feedback in terms of communications, and also quite independent in execution. So when I say sub feedbacks in terms of how he could be more proactive in driving modules, but overall he is doing well.

Unknown Speaker  3:05:00  
But I think there's no shot to discuss promotion but he's on the right hand.

Unknown Speaker  3:05:06  
All right, thanks. Also, I know that women is back July to talk on Ivana. Yeah. And also Brennan's mark. Yep. Yvonne has. I mean, she's nearly finishing her cyclamen at Chanel, I think it's ending this month. She has been there for the past half year. And I've heard a positive feedback overall from the client, where you've given us a comment. I don't think it's evaluative, so to speak. But once she spoke, I think she should be kept right on track

Unknown Speaker  3:05:42  
to perform so good. So

Unknown Speaker  3:05:51  
that's one furnace on bernisa See, continues to perform extremely well, on Amway, if you look at the buildability is super high, adding value on different modules and workstreams on Amway, and I think she's quite well rounded,

Unknown Speaker  3:06:10  
strong in multiple dimensions, right. She's only eight months right now. So maybe a bit early to tell the final timeline. Right. But I think if she continues the performance, and if she sort of gets a one on the next case, right, I think next cycle, we can discuss whether it's worth the 12 month promotion window

Unknown Speaker  3:06:39  
and Travis is back. Right. And we talk on Laura's

Unknown Speaker  3:06:44  
Yeah, Laura's is straightforward. He's definitely a start a former profile and our feedback was quite consistent.

Unknown Speaker  3:06:58  
Obviously outstanding in problem solving being ownership in case a contribution and said if almost each dimension the only thing is that he needs to

Unknown Speaker  3:07:10  
strengthen his you know, CLI interaction with the senior management level. This is the only comment of development area feedback from the from the PPL. I guess a Loris is also very fungible.

Unknown Speaker  3:07:28  
He has been working on the auto cases, the CG consumer goods cases and the availability is part A high so I guess he's definitely a tough months promotion profile, but we can fully confirmed in the next cycle.

Unknown Speaker  3:07:48  
Thanks, Travis. Again, we can get gone to further calibrate. So that was for won't be show us as inflated next time.

Unknown Speaker  3:08:00  
Sure.

Unknown Speaker  3:08:02  
All right. I think we finish out the preliminary review for assay before going to reflux. Let's just calibrate up a little bit on the results

Unknown Speaker  3:08:30  
here we have syndactyly red flag and also one more high end within our flat that's what we have for the preliminary review

Unknown Speaker  3:08:43  
stream any questions

Unknown Speaker  3:08:46  
about that you

Unknown Speaker  3:08:48  
missed that one?

Unknown Speaker  3:08:50  
Long us on the comments.

Unknown Speaker  3:08:53  
Okay

Unknown Speaker  3:08:58  
all right. So shall we move to

Unknown Speaker  3:09:03  
next section

Unknown Speaker  3:09:07  
let's do red flag and watch out for exit

Unknown Speaker  3:09:12  
the first of all is the mom because

Unknown Speaker  3:09:20  
hey, hello. Yeah, so this

Unknown Speaker  3:09:27  
podcast we cannot hear you

Unknown Speaker  3:09:46  
Yeah, that's not the next one.

Unknown Speaker  3:09:50  
Iman,

Unknown Speaker  3:09:52  
can you hear me?

Unknown Speaker  3:09:55  
A bit better. A little bit breaking

Unknown Speaker  3:10:03  
because maybe we could go to the next one first and maybe you can find somewhere with better signal. Kimmy now. I just, I just, oh, yeah, good. Hello. Oh, yes.

Unknown Speaker  3:10:16  
Okay. Okay. So

Unknown Speaker  3:10:20  
last time, we said that the Imoen need to work on

Unknown Speaker  3:10:25  
the IPA is other than it so she waited on the beach for quite a while and eventually she was staffed on one insurance case for two weeks. regarding that particular case, actually the feedback is applied to Okay, the performance is good and but in parallel, we also last time while we put her on

Unknown Speaker  3:10:51  
reflect because there's a lot of nice feedback saying that the attitude for BD is somehow very different from our attitude on case and this time we have caused to spend some time to observe how the C improved in terms of BD support

Unknown Speaker  3:11:12  
honestly, they are still

Unknown Speaker  3:11:14  
different views regarding her performance on VDS.

Unknown Speaker  3:11:20  
A couple of ppl sorted she is good and reactive and somehow also committed but they are also to ppl provided the question negative feedback

Unknown Speaker  3:11:33  
actually, the one PPR said that

Unknown Speaker  3:11:36  
the Imams attitude first of all it is very difficult to find the email Canadian it's

Unknown Speaker  3:11:45  
difficult to contact

Unknown Speaker  3:11:48  
Kathleen Inc contact

Unknown Speaker  3:11:51  
efficiently and seven

Unknown Speaker  3:11:56  
a

Unknown Speaker  3:11:58  
PPR also said that when the PL define an image just put the order also

Unknown Speaker  3:12:05  
those times the wordings into a very simple and rough template, then she doesn't do any

Unknown Speaker  3:12:14  
fine tune and

Unknown Speaker  3:12:16  
adjustment and then send back the those assigned to the PTL. And so the PPL told mom that she doesn't believe this is the quality from essay and of course it's also the body

Unknown Speaker  3:12:41  
she is not

Unknown Speaker  3:12:44  
satisfied performance and improve. That'd be Yeah. So this is basically the situation basically regarding things short regarding the BD support

Unknown Speaker  3:12:53  
as I said that there are still concerns about your for attitude and the quality. But however, couple mpbl also said that she was okay.

Unknown Speaker  3:13:05  
Okay, so this is what I

Unknown Speaker  3:13:08  
collected

Unknown Speaker  3:13:10  
for emails performance in lifecycle see any other

Unknown Speaker  3:13:19  
comments from the group?

Unknown Speaker  3:13:31  
So just so recall everyone.

Unknown Speaker  3:13:35  
This is exactly the same issue we encountered last cycle, and so good in casework, that attitude and quality issue in BD work for several complaints, and then actually does continue to go on like to more people's complaints. But to be honest, we rarely, rarely see people complained by to pills. Not to mention like this is conservatively many pls. And

Unknown Speaker  3:14:06  
for that reason, I'll suggest at least keep him keep her on ref slack.

Unknown Speaker  3:14:15  
My only concern is that we can't keep our own red flag or if this time is also a red flag that is a CT.

Unknown Speaker  3:14:24  
It's not a CT, right. So it's continuing but I thought

Unknown Speaker  3:14:28  
the I have to say from a TA perspective, she is pregnant right now and we we cannot do CT decision for her.

Unknown Speaker  3:14:39  
So the worst thing we can do is red flag or at least or before any further confirmation that we have to keep her on graphic for the worst case. The only thing is that if this continue then we'll still have to put

Unknown Speaker  3:15:00  
We show promotion every single time after, if this attitude hasn't been solved.

Unknown Speaker  3:15:09  
Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  3:15:11  
Yeah. So let's put put our own red flag. And I know, because he is very difficult to communicate.

Unknown Speaker  3:15:20  
But please still help us to deliver the message that we still receive multiple complaints. And even we receive one written feedback for her as she requests. So hope she will really look into a heart issue. And not being defensive since that saying that she's not doing anything wrong.

Unknown Speaker  3:15:44  
Yeah, sure. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  3:15:46  
Thanks. Yeah. So we move to next one, Jackson Lee.

Unknown Speaker  3:15:56  
So I think Jackson continues to perform in the healthcare practice, right?

Unknown Speaker  3:16:03  
If you look at the latest score, it has improved to or to

Unknown Speaker  3:16:08  
the, you know, the, the flag to me is that it's still three in problem solving. Right? I think if I look at the evaluation, it's, it's saying that he, you know, he does a good job in collecting the information, you know, developing is quite structured in terms of the thinking.

Unknown Speaker  3:16:28  
But the key thing is, he just repeats whatever the expert says. Right. So I think in terms of distilling critical thinking, that's still a bit lacking. And I do not hear complaints anymore on stress management, but it does right on the evaluation that, you know, he could keep a more positive attitude under stress, right.

Unknown Speaker  3:16:51  
So, to me, it's very marginal improvement versus lifecycle, both in terms of problem solving and stress management.

Unknown Speaker  3:17:02  
So I think, open for discussion, do we continue to keep on watch out? Or do we, you know, move that to a red flag?

Unknown Speaker  3:17:17  
I work with IBD. Over the past month, I think my general impression is that

Unknown Speaker  3:17:25  
he basically a lack of training

Unknown Speaker  3:17:28  
before so he's not bad at problem solving. He just never seen what real problem solving is. So when when when we explain to him how things works, and then he actually get it. But he's just like, never seen it before. So I think he might have missed his time before, but it is what it is. So I think it's

Unknown Speaker  3:17:53  
a bit hospitability is low. The question is how to get in staff. Because if I have a case, I look at his profile, I would not prefer him even though I know, he might have potential, but it's too late.

Unknown Speaker  3:18:06  
I shared a similar observation. I'm currently working with him on pace. So Jackson is very committed, hardworking, and learns fast, but passion is the exposure you've got so far as I say, so it's not sufficient to be stopped, especially in such a difficult situation. And Jackson is hired directly as your test as a given his deep background, but

Unknown Speaker  3:18:34  
I think he lacked exposure to understand what is the business analytics part two, so maybe my thinking whether we should know how should we follow this, if some whether we at this time, in this context, whether it will give you more observation window to get exposure, or yeah, just open to discuss

Unknown Speaker  3:19:03  
working mass tenure, right. So I mean, to get all these exposures experienced, but still not enough. not sufficient.

Unknown Speaker  3:19:15  
Yeah, I tend to agree i constant or sticking in the room, but

Unknown Speaker  3:19:20  
because of I look at the profile, it's a lot of healthcare cases, I think people value his healthcare background, but because of this, right, it's it's actually not doing him a favor in broadening him to other pas, you know, or other cases where there would be a high requirement on business thinking.

Unknown Speaker  3:19:44  
It's, it's really trying, yes. Really professional, where people average him.

Unknown Speaker  3:19:50  
Right, so

Unknown Speaker  3:19:52  
is this just in his tanneries, that sort of situation where we put him on red flags so that he gets the benefit of at least being

Unknown Speaker  3:20:00  
reinvested in some non healthcare cases or even you know longer programs if possible right. But

Unknown Speaker  3:20:08  
see whether it would help and I think the task should be whether she gets a chew in problem solving next time

Unknown Speaker  3:20:25  
if no red flag is very difficult to start

Unknown Speaker  3:20:28  
with

Unknown Speaker  3:20:33  
yeah that's that's

Unknown Speaker  3:20:36  
a checksum Jackson it's it's yeah it's a bit it's difficult to staff him and

Unknown Speaker  3:20:45  
but I mean

Unknown Speaker  3:20:48  
putting him on red flag it will be easier for us to to stop him yeah

Unknown Speaker  3:20:58  
yeah

Unknown Speaker  3:21:01  
it's any for like opportunity for checks I need to pass

Unknown Speaker  3:21:08  
soon so usually you to the job and then it's like certain months

Unknown Speaker  3:21:14  
I mean, for like during the spread five periods over the last quarter has served badly so watch out. Our job is to watch out now. So there's no like investment.

Unknown Speaker  3:21:30  
Was that okay? So it's probably in a better for him to stay on to be a red flag. He got an opportunity otherwise GHC like wants to stop right yeah, we don't have all the pipeline

Unknown Speaker  3:21:48  
understood

Unknown Speaker  3:21:54  
what I hear from Shanghai will be put him on red flag right?

Unknown Speaker  3:21:59  
Yes. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  3:22:01  
All right. Moving to the next one. Some are cool. We are

Unknown Speaker  3:22:06  
Yes.

Unknown Speaker  3:22:09  
Summers kids are coming to

Unknown Speaker  3:22:14  
watch homeless because of

Unknown Speaker  3:22:18  
the ability and visibility issues. We have got to detox from previous cases. Yes from Chanel hosts to it speaker and

Unknown Speaker  3:22:39  
the feedback Chanel has was quite bad.

Unknown Speaker  3:22:44  
It would be three

Unknown Speaker  3:22:47  
shoes to add

Unknown Speaker  3:22:53  
gas lighting, the structural team and again to impeachment tissue.

Unknown Speaker  3:23:04  
We also have an eye opener that is quite fabric quarter.

Unknown Speaker  3:23:11  
This

Unknown Speaker  3:23:14  
is fresh for her and two team members on this relatively poor

Unknown Speaker  3:23:25  
attack

Unknown Speaker  3:23:28  
and then she got a chance to talk involved in health care

Unknown Speaker  3:23:35  
for our traveling team and the this the area she has

Unknown Speaker  3:23:44  
she's

Unknown Speaker  3:23:46  
regarding to her

Unknown Speaker  3:23:50  
previous

Unknown Speaker  3:23:53  
she got to go from current to Rs. Rs has quite positive feedback about her actually for her ownership contribution. And I asked her

Unknown Speaker  3:24:08  
to Rs to identify it.

Unknown Speaker  3:24:14  
She's qualified

Unknown Speaker  3:24:17  
or not. If there's a one plus one hits,

Unknown Speaker  3:24:22  
you watch a soccer and there is no strong RSS if it is just topcoats and very thinking through

Unknown Speaker  3:24:31  
the she will be not that short which is after winter.

Unknown Speaker  3:24:38  
And if it is a normal case, that is today purchase that.

Unknown Speaker  3:24:44  
I think it is a little bit

Unknown Speaker  3:24:51  
we might need to

Unknown Speaker  3:24:57  
remind you to think about keeping

Unknown Speaker  3:25:00  
her watch list because she knew me to

Unknown Speaker  3:25:07  
use asset assay but to really I think students need to recognize for gross

Unknown Speaker  3:25:22  
well the reason why so we have a recent pieces a very short only like two week so and I looking at this

Unknown Speaker  3:25:34  
I don't see there's enough significance in improve on particular on the problem solving you know problem solving quicker intellectual insights type of things are the most important well the most important the matrix we look at that so this continued to be an issue and then plus Chanel the previous one Chanel Chanel work. So also all the way all the way through is in a street so I think that this looks to me as a typical, it's typical to pizza.

Unknown Speaker  3:26:08  
So I've collaborated with summer during PE four a one would be I think, in general for healthcare and our sense and also for some of the problem solving are actually okay.

Unknown Speaker  3:26:26  
So then also I think for current for some cases it's only the trend or your initial greeting just for the purpose for the city meeting. Right so maybe the end of the after the full case has been done the weighted average case and probably better

Unknown Speaker  3:26:48  
after talking with the pls she has fought to us I think she is qualified as an associate but she still needs some time to prove that qualified as

Unknown Speaker  3:27:02  
senior

Unknown Speaker  3:27:10  
yeah is qualified as an associate this essay as Heslin already and then there's a divided we are quite divided we are Chanel you look at a score sub scores or three and then the current score start as mentioned as interim score there are some like choose but still like

Unknown Speaker  3:27:33  
I think the clock is ticking so already four or five months and if we drag to another like a watch out and then three months and next round and then it's still we will face the same difficult situation like the red flowers or or or like watch out I think it's

Unknown Speaker  3:27:54  
it's probably red flags and makes the time makes a bit easier for the opportunities that are the right so how long was your case? The current one the current money okay, so the current case I think it's a month and a half for for the hospital it will end on at the beginning of two in June

Unknown Speaker  3:28:17  
so started mid April post 17

Unknown Speaker  3:28:21  
So beginning of June so pretty much running soon afterwards then it's we need to consider against that opportunity yeah

Unknown Speaker  3:28:32  
that's why I said okay probably

Unknown Speaker  3:28:35  
easier for her to

Unknown Speaker  3:28:37  
see

Unknown Speaker  3:28:39  
it do anything to regarding choose her new this she got she did God

Unknown Speaker  3:28:50  
and your journey

Unknown Speaker  3:28:55  
um I don't think so.

Unknown Speaker  3:29:00  
I know right that she saw as they hire

Unknown Speaker  3:29:06  
she's she's from CES not sure whether she has changed hands

Unknown Speaker  3:29:13  
okay

Unknown Speaker  3:29:22  
maybe it's always

Unknown Speaker  3:29:29  
I don't always hurt you should shouldn't help hurt I can't you I stopped the evaluation. I didn't notice peace on the project trees on the porch.

Unknown Speaker  3:29:40  
Very quiet. Never spoke up in the industry at all. Only me. Yeah, I talked to Nick as well and she said

Unknown Speaker  3:29:52  
she very rarely communicate to anyone, proactively even within the team. So like no

Unknown Speaker  3:30:00  
One of the programs and she's not speaking in CDM and also

Unknown Speaker  3:30:06  
one thing she pointed out as during MT da she is quite expecting quite high from herself to improve asking for individual module for benchmark very naturally because notice that she cannot deliver in the perfect benchmarking work so I guess that's that's quite some issue for assay

Unknown Speaker  3:30:29  
some benchmark yeah I'll feel very worried for for for in the future given talk Montagnier and the longest runway she's still have another talk

Unknown Speaker  3:30:44  
but looking at this book was still quite low and Sep not yet finished and we even not hearing her voices during the cases

Unknown Speaker  3:30:58  
actually the visibility issue has been introduced improved in statutory health care case arist

Unknown Speaker  3:31:07  
emphasizes that she was hiding

Unknown Speaker  3:31:12  
conversation and

Unknown Speaker  3:31:15  
I think it is it just because of her expertise and experience

Unknown Speaker  3:31:27  
I guess the only discussion here we were having us whether to remain watch how we were to put on

Unknown Speaker  3:31:36  
Shanghai Do you have any any view or any others online who have a view on that

Unknown Speaker  3:31:45  
show I will discuss the smashing that I think with with believe this as an A wrap like a case and then also benefit would benefit her right up to the current case finish then in the early early to

Unknown Speaker  3:32:05  
morale

Unknown Speaker  3:32:10  
okay so so that's all for the sad red flag and watch out we have is among

Unknown Speaker  3:32:20  
emo Jackson some are all on record right now

Unknown Speaker  3:32:28  
shall we move to two as an individual

Unknown Speaker  3:32:36  
first one is Sophia the oh god

Unknown Speaker  3:32:42  
yeah.

Unknown Speaker  3:32:44  
Sabe is now doing as economy program ambassador program in Southeast Asia be based out of

Unknown Speaker  3:32:53  
Bangkok office. So I talked with her PL

Unknown Speaker  3:32:59  
obviously, this challenging new environment, especially on the language front that this is because everything is English. A pod is also an ambassador using an ambassador program transferring from the US. And but a client counterpart also is a native English speaker. So the language of previously is the first obstacles that she has to overcome. But I think that's the that's also one of the reasons that she chose to do this ambassador program. The overall feedback

Unknown Speaker  3:33:32  
was good across all the dimensions. One of the good things that people really like her is that she's quite proactive

Unknown Speaker  3:33:42  
in terms of communication with PR, and try to be more iterative, making sure that she's on the right track.

Unknown Speaker  3:33:51  
Also that

Unknown Speaker  3:33:53  
she was also a good team player you know, in a new environment trying to organize different team events. And I think this she's she's adapting herself very quickly into the

Unknown Speaker  3:34:08  
SCA systems.

Unknown Speaker  3:34:10  
But it is through a wrong way and to test her booty out for the rest of the program. But I think that's really really a good experience for herself

Unknown Speaker  3:34:27  
Thank you

Unknown Speaker  3:34:31  
Nicholas, Nicolas.

Unknown Speaker  3:34:45  
Us, hey, hello, this is Nicholas.

Unknown Speaker  3:34:49  
Yeah, regarding church in church and recently, first of all, I think she took her one month already right? Then after the LOA and she

Unknown Speaker  3:35:00  
was started on a case for with

Unknown Speaker  3:35:05  
which was bad by country and this case is still ongoing. And I checked with Trey and Trey also told me quite positive feedback about gotcha the overall performance is still solid. Of course there is still some area for improvement as a junior isa but generally on track so nothing special to highlight

Unknown Speaker  3:35:37  
Thank you

Unknown Speaker  3:35:40  
Tammy

Unknown Speaker  3:35:45  
Becky, I think Becky is also performing well on track

Unknown Speaker  3:35:50  
she is only in six months only one case as I say so it's early to decide anyway we're on track overall well run your skill set the improve the improvement error is more of the PL feedback is she needs to enhance the mindset of really on try to work very independent and think ahead of the PL don't drive very clear line between what is what support wasn't supposed to be POS row and what's the policy it's supposed to be her role so that's the only feedback I got

Unknown Speaker  3:36:34  
I also talked with her on this issue already, but our skill set on skill set wise.

Unknown Speaker  3:36:41  
Quite quite well rounded.

Unknown Speaker  3:36:45  
Okay, yes.

Unknown Speaker  3:36:51  
Next one, Jackie should Natalie

Unknown Speaker  3:36:54  
Yeah, tennis shirt. Jackie shirt is six months in her tenure and she's really performing very well. And she habitability is okay. And also the scores is quite good. And I checked with PvP hours for Jackie, she is really strong in problem solving and very good ownership on all her projects. And for further development. She needs to be more confident in front of senior people and to show herself for

Unknown Speaker  3:37:32  
owning or she is well on track.

Unknown Speaker  3:37:37  
All right.

Unknown Speaker  3:37:40  
So and she's on Kojak.

Unknown Speaker  3:37:43  
Yeah, and Franco, I think she's on track. She's doing well, that the

Unknown Speaker  3:37:50  
regarding the analytical skills that she can learn the new topic quickly and also work on the research and also generated the the analysis and findings regarding the area for improvement. I think it's two things. One thing is regarding, especially for the English slice writing, she needs to be a little bit more precise and also structured. And second of all, I think it's regarding the student insight generation, right. So need to push further to make some meaningful insights just beyond what the analysis tells us. So that's, that's true to be back on top.

Unknown Speaker  3:38:32  
But along check this Jeffrey champers Filbert is a little bit low.

Unknown Speaker  3:38:41  
There was I think she stackable but there was because there was downtime

Unknown Speaker  3:38:49  
in March when Healthcare's slow pipeline, she moved to mostly did

Unknown Speaker  3:38:57  
sale securities.

Unknown Speaker  3:39:00  
It was probably one

Unknown Speaker  3:39:04  
Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  3:39:06  
Maybe we should

Unknown Speaker  3:39:10  
probably consider

Unknown Speaker  3:39:12  
other

Unknown Speaker  3:39:16  
he's still stuck.

Unknown Speaker  3:39:19  
I would encourage her to get some other IPA states

Unknown Speaker  3:39:28  
all right.

Unknown Speaker  3:39:30  
So as I wrote on Erica,

Unknown Speaker  3:39:33  
so Rajan is on track. She actually had three protests here. Think that there is one miss ncdd input but I checked with all the PL. So she got good feedback, probably another one as well. So her performance is pretty good. She also improved in maturity, communication, stress resistance level overall

Unknown Speaker  3:40:00  
Oh, despite and slightly low mobility, she's on track and I think she is Mazel stoppable. APA last slightly lower exponent. So

Unknown Speaker  3:40:15  
Bono just started a case Genesis. That's probably a long presentation from Thomas.

Unknown Speaker  3:40:25  
Now Rajan her first catch on Warburg Pincus was was suspended the case was suspended. I mean, I expected. So she rolled off the case. And afterwards, I think she could be a little bit flexible in terms of the study, because she was trying to wait for an auto case to start, but that case, I mean, then didn't start on time. And we are I think he was delayed for three to four weeks ago, there was there was also why why her availability was was low. And she also turned out what it was she used silver bullet. Another another case. So yeah, so there was a, there was one.

Unknown Speaker  3:41:09  
Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  3:41:11  
I think I think it's untracked Beth. But given the local ability and as a result, Erica when you communicate with with Roger, you tell him that not to wait for in this current market situation, right. So the business situation, not to wait, I will get a case out.

Unknown Speaker  3:41:33  
Otherwise, later, we'll get hurt. Alright, so

Unknown Speaker  3:41:40  
next one, Java ME Travis.

Unknown Speaker  3:41:45  
Travis is not in the room. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  3:41:49  
The next one along, you told me

Unknown Speaker  3:41:55  
you're at home, you don't just came back. Redraw in the BCG for my eternal job. So she is just back for for the for less than two months. I think the scores demonstrated the here the two three. So four, she leads, she left the BCD. So the the new data point A is, is the two is a score two. So I think overall, she the current work attitude and skill sets are on crack. But actually she asked me a question on this. She told me that because she she quit the job before she and find another job. That's why I think on the first two cases, she was on sa I think she told me the PLL probably knows she is living. And under the calibration scheme. She was drunk. She was calibrated to scores three. She feels it may impact her promotion window in terms of essay promotion, because she left the firm for more than I think for nearly two years, but did not really get any tenure credit after she came back. So basically, she already had like five years work experience. But in terms of essay tenure, she came back with exactly the tenure before she left BCG. So her concern is whether

Unknown Speaker  3:43:25  
whether we will count the two threes into overall calibration of our promotion window for SA to see because I've actually it's already quite long work experience.

Unknown Speaker  3:43:41  
Yeah. And I said, Great. Yeah, I think the response to that, first of all, she's still remained a six month tenure, she left. And those two cases was was during that time, right. So we still have to calculate it or in those two threes, we do understand is it it is potentially might have that potential that those three are calibrated due to she left, but we cannot make a judgment call right now. So let's see her future progression. And if she is really a strong performer, then we can consider that. But if she is not that I think three might be fair. And also just to give everyone a background. I think you told us quite confident on herself and also quite aggressive on her promotion. Before he wrote. She rejoined she asked for supposedly if there is a potential for fast promotion. And then when she joined. She came to ask for a few times. things things that are similar to that so I think what we really need to see from her is really get back on track. Get get that with us with on track performer

Unknown Speaker  3:45:00  
And, and strong. But Tammy, could you also help us to manage expectations for you, Tom? Because I feel like she might be overconfident?

Unknown Speaker  3:45:11  
Oh, sure, sure. I would definitely come in up in the right way. But I can also understand the her feeling because

Unknown Speaker  3:45:18  
I think people with I mean, what's the same peer group? I mean, when she first joined VC, She first joined BCG are already some of them are already PL. And she probably feels she her past experience. Working outside PCG does not did not come that or so.

Unknown Speaker  3:45:41  
She may not feel real, that balance that I mean, so I, I just want to highlight this contacts, and we will definitely, I will definitely communicate in the right way. Yeah. So just just to add to the points, I think when our ACS left BCG, the communication has been done with them that when they're coming back, they will find that their peer their same badge people will have higher tenure than them. So I think they should have this awareness.

Unknown Speaker  3:46:13  
And, you know, preparation.

Unknown Speaker  3:46:19  
And also, actually looking back to the heart Ateneo performance. I've gone through them and deck on all three for bench of threes and twos. So I'm not sure if that's the

Unknown Speaker  3:46:36  
best promotion for so just

Unknown Speaker  3:46:41  
All right. Let's move to next one, Aaron, John Smith.

Unknown Speaker  3:46:47  
Yeah, all right. It's kind of actually she got a 444 prefers cases, it's actually quite rare. I talked with her PL it seems to be a little bit of the attitude issue. Because she's not interested in the PA. Her first case was a bank facing along pace. And the PR says she was actually smart, but she only delivers Okay, quality stuff, and will not push yourself to the next level. And she always arrived to the office

Unknown Speaker  3:47:22  
latest in the team, at least quite early. And she also raised a red flag in the PTO and says something like the team worked for 80 hours a week and the PR said it's actually in the Pikachu. So she saw that she's got some integrity issue. And I heard a totally different story from herself, or instead of hurting herself. And she gives out because she raised red flags in the PTO survey. So maybe the PR has got to be a little bit personal on the on the on the evaluation. And so I talked to her a second. ppl. And it seems that the performance is quite strong. The PBR actually wrote a great performance performance on the evaluation. So I think maybe we should I think she's being she's smart. And she's being a little bit a bit optimistic on the on the case, because the first case she's not very interesting that and she's not behave, you know, or push yourself quite hard. But on the second case, because that's, you know, something she's really interesting, and she really did a great job. So maybe we should

Unknown Speaker  3:48:40  
extend some kind of reminder to her and no matter what case if no matter interested or not interested, she should really, you know, to the commitment and also be really fungible.

Unknown Speaker  3:49:00  
That's basically what I heard from the two ppls

Unknown Speaker  3:49:06  
I'm the I'm the taste MTP on bank of Beijing. Actually, I was very surprised for for a newcomer who is who works on the first case actually got picky on the case content and they said she's not interested.

Unknown Speaker  3:49:23  
I don't think we should really encourage that kind of attitude. And in terms of the red flag, I mean, the the PTOs thing, I don't think the PPL take it personally because actually, we investigated that

Unknown Speaker  3:49:43  
poster I think David I and I have very strong faster with the PL. So the PL should not be concerned at or of this one single red eye, red light and the only thing raised by one, Team teammate actually she is she was the only one

Unknown Speaker  3:50:00  
Whoo hoo give a red light because of you too long hours. I think on that case I would definitely say yes not any there is no any any personal offense against the test at this one I think this this score for is really towards the attitude issue on the first case now willing to work with the team together share the pain together

Unknown Speaker  3:50:28  
actually, she got onto the case on the on the second or third month of the case already actually the tosses the most difficult period as the case already cost. The overall the process is already on track. And the methodology is quite clear already and the client have very strong trust with us we have many projects going on there. It should not be that tough environments or that working long hours to my degree of understanding

Unknown Speaker  3:51:05  
yeah

Unknown Speaker  3:51:09  
so I think she's definitely have some sort of issue based on the

Unknown Speaker  3:51:18  
facts or on the inputs from from to and from Tammy. It's a basic set of issues that theories for current case So probably we should discuss how strong are we going to extend the message tomorrow is going to be a reminder of fish

Unknown Speaker  3:51:40  
or even Canada, it can be a watch out for something more serious

Unknown Speaker  3:51:55  
any views online?

Unknown Speaker  3:52:00  
To give a verbal warning or maybe more serious warning like a watch out

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
